Initializing stage1 retrieval
Discovery query: What are the environmental and social topics that coke cover in its 10K filings?

2023-10-18 18:25:45.409974
quest_text:  What are the environmental and social topics that coke cover in its 10K filings?

File: coke-2022-10k.pdf
File: coke-2023-10k.pdf
2023-10-18 18:25:49.338296
Passage: We have incurred, and will continue to incur, expenses to comply with privacy and data protection standards and protocols imposed by law, regulation, industry standards and contractual obligations. Increased regulation of data collection, use, and retention practices, including self-regulation and industry standards, changes in existing laws and regulations, enactment of new laws and regulations, increased enforcement activity, and changes in interpretation of laws, could increase our cost of compliance and operation, limit our ability to grow our business or otherwise harm our business. RISKS RELATED TO ENVIRONMENTAL AND SOCIAL FACTORS Our ability to achieve our environmental, social and governance goals are subject to risks, many of which are outside of our control, and our reputation and brands could be harmed if we fail to meet such goals. Companies across all industries are facing increasing scrutiny from stakeholders related to environmental, social and governance (ESG) matters, including practices and disclosures related to environmental stewardship; social responsibility; diversity, equity and inclusion; and workplace rights. Our ability to achieve our ESG goals and objectives and to accurately and transparently report our progress presents numerous operational, financial, legal and other risks, and are dependent on the actions of our bottling partners, suppliers and other third parties, all of which are outside of our control. If we are unable to meet our ESG goals or evolving stakeholder expectations and industry standards, or if we are perceived to have not responded appropriately to the growing concern for ESG issues, our reputation, and therefore our ability to sell products, could be negatively impacted. In addition, in recent years, investor advocacy groups and certain institutional investors have placed increasing importance on ESG matters. If, as a result of their assessment of our ESG practices, certain investors are unsatisfied with our actions or progress, they may reconsider their investment in our Company.
Passage: Our organizational structure also includes a center and a platform services organization, as discussed below. 2 The Coca-Cola Company was incorporated in September 1919 under the laws of the State of Delaware and succeeded to the business of a Georgia corporation with the same name that had been organized in 1892. Operating Segments The Companys operating structure is the basis for our internal financial reporting. Our operating structure includes the following operating segments: Europe, Middle East and Africa Latin America North America Asia Pacific Global Ventures Bottling Investments Our operating structure also includes Corporate, which consists of two components: (1) a center focusing on strategic initiatives, policy, governance and scaling global initiatives; and (2) a platform services organization supporting the operating units, global marketing category leadership teams and the center by providing efficient and scaled global services and capabilities including, but not limited to, transactional work, data management, consumer analytics, digital commerce and social/digital hubs. For additional information about our operating segments and Corporate, refer to Note 19 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements set forth in Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this report. Except to the extent that differences among operating segments are material to an understanding of our business taken as a whole, the description of our business in this report is presented on a consolidated basis. Products and Brands As used in this report: concentrates means flavorings and other ingredients which, when combined with water and, depending on the product, sweeteners (nutritive or non-nutritive) are used to prepare syrups or finished beverages, and includes powders/minerals for purified water products; syrups means intermediate products in the beverage manufacturing process produced by combining concentrates with water and, depending on the product, sweeteners (nutritive or non-nutritive); fountain syrups means syrups that are sold to fountain retailers, such as restaurants and convenience stores, which use dispensing equipment to mix the syrups with sparkling or still water at the time of purchase to produce finished beverages that are served in cups or glasses for immediate consumption; Company Trademark Beverages means beverages bearing our trademarks and certain other beverages bearing trademarks licensed to us by third parties for which we provide marketing support and from the sale of which we derive an economic benefit; and Trademark Coca-Cola Beverages or Trademark Coca-Cola means beverages bearing the trademark Coca-Cola or any trademark that includes Coca-Cola or Coke (that is, Coca-Cola, Diet Coke/Coca-Cola Light and Coca-Cola Zero Sugar and all their variations and any line extensions, including caffeine free Diet Coke, Cherry Coke, etc.).
Passage: Additionally, we manufacture and distribute our products according to strict policies, requirements and specifications set forth in an integrated quality management program that continually measures all operations within the Coca- Cola system against the same stringent standards. Our quality management program also identifies and mitigates risks and drives improvement. In our quality laboratories, we stringently measure the quality attributes of ingredients as well as samples of finished products collected from the marketplace. We perform due diligence to ensure that product and ingredient safety and quality standards are maintained in the more than 200 countries and territories where our products are sold. We regularly assess the relevance of our requirements and standards and continually work to improve and refine them across our entire supply chain. Environmental and Social Matters As investors and stakeholders increasingly focus on ESG issues, our Company and companies across all industries are facing challenges and risks related to, among other things, environmental stewardship; social responsibility; diversity, equity and inclusion; and workplace rights. Where these challenges and risks relate to our business, we acknowledge that we have a role to play in developing and implementing solutions related to these important challenges. We have established specific ESG goals related to water quality and scarcity; packaging materials used for our products; reduction of added sugar in our beverages; reduction of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gas emissions; sustainable agriculture; diversity, equity and inclusion; and human and workplace rights. Our ability to achieve our ESG goals is dependent on many factors, including, but not limited to, our actions along with the actions of various stakeholders, such as our bottling partners, suppliers, governments, nongovernmental organizations, communities, and other third parties, all of which are outside of our control. See Item 1A. Risk Factors in Part I of this report for additional information about risks and uncertainties facing our Company.
Passage: Our operating structure includes the following operating segments: Europe, Middle East and Africa Latin America North America Asia Pacific Global Ventures Bottling Investments Additionally, our operating structure includes operating units, which sit under our four geographic operating segments. The operating units are focused on regional and local execution and are highly interconnected, with the goal of eliminating duplication of resources and scaling new products more quickly. The operating units work closely with five global marketing category leadership teams to rapidly scale ideas while staying close to the consumer. The global marketing category leadership teams primarily focus on innovation as well as marketing efficiency and effectiveness. Our operating structure also includes Corporate, which consists of two components: (1) a center focusing on strategic initiatives, policy, governance and scaling global initiatives, and (2) a platform services organization supporting the operating units, global marketing category leadership teams and the center by providing efficient and scaled global services and capabilities, including, but not limited to, transactional work, data management, consumer analytics, digital commerce and social/digital hubs. For additional information about our operating segments and Corporate, refer to Note 19 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements set forth in Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this report. Except to the extent that differences among operating segments are material to an understanding of our business taken as a whole, the description of our business in this report is presented on a consolidated basis. Products and Brands As used in this report: concentrates means flavorings and other ingredients which, when combined with water and, depending on the product, sweeteners (nutritive or non-nutritive) are used to prepare syrups or finished beverages, and includes powders/minerals for purified water products; syrups means intermediate products in the beverage manufacturing process produced by combining concentrates with water and, depending on the product, sweeteners (nutritive or non-nutritive); fountain syrups means syrups that are sold to fountain retailers, such as restaurants and convenience stores, which use dispensing equipment to mix the syrups with sparkling or still water at the time of purchase to produce finished beverages that are served in cups or glasses for immediate consumption; Company Trademark Beverages means beverages bearing our trademarks and certain other beverages bearing trademarks licensed to us by third parties for which we provide marketing support and from the sale of which we derive an economic benefit; and Trademark Coca-Cola Beverages or Trademark Coca-Cola means nonalcoholic beverages bearing the trademark Coca-Cola or any trademark that includes Coca- Cola or Coke (that is, Coca-Cola, Diet Coke/Coca-Cola Light and Coca-Cola Zero Sugar and all their variations and any line extensions, including caffeine free Diet Coke, Cherry Coke, etc.).
Passage: Increasing public concern about obesity; other health-related public concerns surrounding consumption of sweetened beverages; potential new or increased taxes on sweetened beverages by government entities to reduce consumption or to raise revenue; additional governmental regulations concerning the advertising, marketing, labeling, packaging or sale of our sweetened beverages; and negative publicity resulting from actual or threatened legal actions against us or other companies in our industry relating to the marketing, labeling or sale of sweetened beverages may reduce demand for, or increase the cost of, our sweetened beverages, which could adversely affect our profitability. If we do not address evolving consumer product and shopping preferences, our business could suffer. Consumer product preferences have evolved and continue to evolve as a result of, among other things, health, wellness and nutrition considerations, including concerns regarding caloric intake associated with sweetened beverages and the perceived undesirability of artificial ingredients; concerns regarding the perceived health effects of, or location of origin of, ingredients, raw materials or substances in our products or packaging, including due to the results of third-party studies (whether or not scientifically valid); shifting consumer demographics; changes in consumer tastes and needs coupled with a rapid expansion of beverage options and delivery methods; changes in consumer lifestyles; concerns regarding the environmental, social and sustainability impact of ingredient sources and the product manufacturing process; consumer emphasis on transparency related to ingredients we use in our products and collection and recyclability of, and amount of recycled content contained in, our packaging containers and other materials; concerns about the health and welfare of animals in our dairy supply chain; and competitive product and pricing pressures. In addition, in many of our markets, shopping patterns are being affected by the digital evolution, with consumers rapidly embracing shopping by way of mobile device applications, e-commerce retailers and e- commerce websites or platforms. If we fail to address changes in consumer product and shopping preferences, do not successfully anticipate and prepare for future changes in such preferences, or are ineffective or slow in developing and implementing appropriate digital transformation initiatives, our share of sales, revenue growth and overall financial results could be negatively affected. 16 Product safety and quality concerns could negatively affect our business.
Passage: Unauthorized access to or improper disclosure of personal data in violation of privacy and data protection laws could harm our reputation, cause loss of consumer confidence, subject us to regulatory enforcement actions (including penalties, fines and investigations), and result in private litigation against us, which could result in loss of revenue, increased costs, liability for monetary damages, fines and/or criminal prosecution, all of which could negatively affect our business and operating results. We have incurred, and will continue to incur, expenses to comply with privacy and data protection standards and protocols imposed by law, regulation, industry standards and contractual obligations. Increased regulation of data collection, use, disclosure and retention practices, including self-regulation and industry standards, changes in existing laws and regulations, enactment of new laws and regulations, increased enforcement activity, and changes in interpretation of laws, could increase our cost of compliance and operation, limit our ability to grow our business or otherwise harm our business. RISKS RELATED TO ENVIRONMENTAL AND SOCIAL FACTORS Our ability to achieve our sustainability goals and targets is subject to risks, many of which are outside of our control, and our reputation and brands could be harmed if we fail to meet such goals. Companies across all industries are facing increasing scrutiny from stakeholders related to sustainability, including practices and disclosures related to sustainable packaging; water stewardship; climate; health and nutrition; human rights; and diversity, equity and inclusion. Our ability to achieve our sustainability goals and targets and to accurately and transparently report our progress presents numerous operational, financial, legal and other risks, and is dependent on the actions of our bottling partners, suppliers and other third parties, all of which are outside of our control. If we are unable to meet our sustainability goals or evolving stakeholder expectations and industry standards, or if we are perceived to have not responded appropriately to the growing concern for sustainability issues, our reputation, and therefore our ability to sell products, could be negatively impacted.
Discovery query: What are the environmental and social topics that Apple cover in its 10K filings?

2023-10-18 18:25:49.339405
quest_text:  What are the environmental and social topics that Apple cover in its 10K filings?

File: Apple-10k-2022.pdf
2023-10-18 18:25:53.172960
Passage: The Company identifies potential workplace risks in order to develop measures to mitigate possible hazards. The Company supports employees with general safety, security and crisis management training, and by putting specific programs in place for those working in potentially high-hazard environments. Additionally, the Company works to protect the safety and security of its team members, visitors and customers through its global security team. The Company has also taken additional health and safety measures during the COVID-19 pandemic. Available Information The Companys Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to reports filed pursuant to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), are filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC). Such reports and other information filed by the Company with the SEC are available free of charge at investor.apple.com/investor- relations/sec-filings/default.aspx when such reports are available on the SECs website. The Company periodically provides certain information for investors on its corporate website, www.apple.com, and its investor relations website, investor.apple.com. This includes press releases and other information about financial performance, information on environmental, social and governance matters, and details related to the Companys annual meeting of shareholders. The information contained on the websites referenced in this Form 10-K is not incorporated by reference into this filing. Further, the Companys references to website URLs are intended to be inactive textual references only. Apple Inc. | 2022 Form 10-K | 4 Item 1A. Risk Factors The Companys business, reputation, results of operations, financial condition and stock price can be affected by a number of factors, whether currently known or unknown, including those described below. When any one or more of these risks materialize from time to time, the Companys business, reputation, results of operations, financial condition and stock price can be materially and adversely affected.
Passage: Expectations relating to environmental, social and governance considerations expose the Company to potential liabilities, increased costs, reputational harm, and other adverse effects on the Companys business. Many governments, regulators, investors, employees, customers and other stakeholders are increasingly focused on environmental, social and governance considerations relating to businesses, including climate change and greenhouse gas emissions, human and civil rights, and diversity, equity and inclusion. In addition, the Company makes statements about its environmental, social and governance goals and initiatives through its environmental, social and governance report, its other non-financial reports, information provided on its website, press statements and other communications. Responding to these environmental, social and governance considerations and implementation of these goals and initiatives involves risks and uncertainties, requires investments, and depends in part on third-party performance or data that is outside the Companys control. The Company cannot guarantee that it will achieve its announced environmental, social and governance goals and initiatives. In addition, some stakeholders may disagree with the Companys goals and initiatives. Any failure, or perceived failure, by the Company to achieve its goals, further its initiatives, adhere to its public statements, comply with federal, state or international environmental, social and governance laws and regulations, or meet evolving and varied stakeholder expectations and standards could result in legal and regulatory proceedings against the Company and materially adversely affect the Companys business, reputation, results of operations, financial condition and stock price. The technology industry, including, in some instances, the Company, is subject to intense media, political and regulatory scrutiny, which exposes the Company to increasing regulation, government investigations, legal actions and penalties. From time to time, the Company has made changes to its App Store, including actions taken in response to competition, market and legal conditions.
Passage: While the Company maintains insurance coverage for certain types of claims, such insurance coverage may be insufficient to cover all losses or all types of claims that may arise. The Company is subject to complex and changing laws and regulations worldwide, which exposes the Company to potential liabilities, increased costs and other adverse effects on the Companys business. The Companys global operations are subject to complex and changing laws and regulations on subjects, including antitrust; privacy, data security and data localization; consumer protection; advertising, sales, billing and e-commerce; financial services and technology; product liability; intellectual property ownership and infringement; digital platforms; internet, telecommunications, and mobile communications; media, television, film and digital content; availability of third-party software applications and services; labor and employment; anticorruption; import, export and trade; foreign exchange controls and cash repatriation restrictions; antimoney laundering; foreign ownership and investment; tax; and environmental, health and safety, including electronic waste, recycling, and climate change. Apple Inc. | 2022 Form 10-K | 13 Compliance with these laws and regulations is onerous and expensive. New and changing laws and regulations can adversely affect the Companys business by increasing the Companys costs, limiting the Companys ability to offer a product, service or feature to customers, impacting customer demand for the Companys products and services, and requiring changes to the Companys supply chain and its business. New and changing laws and regulations can also create uncertainty about how such laws and regulations will be interpreted and applied. These risks and costs may increase as the Companys products and services are introduced into specialized applications, including health and financial services. The Company has implemented policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with applicable laws and regulations, but there can be no assurance the Companys employees, contractors or agents will not violate such laws and regulations or the Companys policies and procedures.
Discovery query: What are the environmental and social topics that Ford cover in its 10K filings?

2023-10-18 18:25:53.173333
quest_text:  What are the environmental and social topics that Ford cover in its 10K filings?

File: Ford-10k-2022.pdf
2023-10-18 18:25:56.674397
Passage: Similarly, environmental rating systems exist in various regions, e.g., Green NCAP in Europe. In China, C-NCAP has a stringent rating structure to decrease the number of five-star ratings. Further, the China Insurance Auto Safety Index (similar to IIHS) has been implemented, with higher standards for passenger and pedestrian protection and driver assistance technologies. These protocols impose additional requirements relating to testing, evaluation, and mandatory safety features, and compliance with them (or any subsequent updates to them) may be costly. 12 Item 1. Business (Continued) HUMAN CAPITAL RESOURCES People Strategy and Governance We strive to create an employee experience that enables an inclusive environment of excellence, focus, and collaboration among team members, allowing us to deliver short- and long-term business success. Ford maintains an Executive People Forum consisting of the CEO and top leadership team that meets monthly with a specific focus on people and organizational topics that will enable and accelerate delivery of the business plan. Key topic areas include Compensation & Retention, Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion (DEI), Organization Design, Talent Planning & Development, and Culture. Our Board of Directors and Board committees provide important oversight on certain human capital matters, including items discussed at the Executive People Forum. The Compensation, Talent and Culture Committee maintains responsibility to review, discuss, and set strategic direction for various people-related business strategies, including: compensation and benefit programs; leadership succession planning; culture; DEI; and talent development programs. The Sustainability, Innovation and Policy Committee is responsible for discussing and advising management on maintaining and improving sustainability strategies, the implementation of which creates value consistent with the long-term preservation and enhancement of shareholder value and social wellbeing, including human rights, working conditions, and responsible sourcing.
Passage: Ford maintains an Executive People Forum consisting of the CEO and top leadership team that meets monthly with a specific focus on people and organizational topics that will enable and accelerate delivery of the business plan. Key topic areas include Compensation & Retention, Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion (DEI), Organization Design, Talent Planning & Development, and Culture. Our Board of Directors and Board committees provide important oversight on certain human capital matters, including items discussed at the Executive People Forum. The Compensation, Talent and Culture Committee maintains responsibility to review, discuss, and set strategic direction for various people-related business strategies, including: compensation and benefit programs; leadership succession planning; culture; DEI; and talent development programs. The Sustainability, Innovation and Policy Committee is responsible for discussing and advising management on maintaining and improving sustainability strategies, the implementation of which creates value consistent with the long-term preservation and enhancement of shareholder value and social wellbeing, including human rights, working conditions, and responsible sourcing. The collective recommendations to the Board and its committees are how we proactively manage our human capital and create an employee experience that allows employees and our organization to thrive. Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion At Ford, we believe that creating a Culture of Inclusion for all our employees is both foundational to achieving our Ford+ plan and the right thing to do. Ford offers 12 Employee Resource Groups (ERGs) that represent various dimensions of our employee population, including racial, ethnic, gender, religious, sexual orientation and gender identity, ability, and generational communities with chapters throughout the world, in addition to Ford Advocacy for Belonging (FAB) Councils in every region. Our ERGs and FAB Councils are instrumental in providing a voice to our globally diverse workforce as well as sharing valuable insights into the development of products, services, and experiences.
Passage: Risk Factors (Continued) Pension and other postretirement liabilities could adversely affect Fords liquidity and financial condition. We have defined benefit retirement plans in the United States that cover many of our hourly and salaried employees. We also provide pension benefits to non-U.S. employees and retirees, primarily in Europe. In addition, we sponsor plans to provide OPEB for retired employees (primarily health care and life insurance benefits). See Note 17 of the Notes to the Financial Statements for more information about these plans. These benefit plans impose significant liabilities on us and could require us to make additional cash contributions, which could impair our liquidity. If our cash flows and capital resources are insufficient to meet any pension or OPEB obligations, we could be forced to reduce or delay investments and capital expenditures, suspend dividend payments, seek additional capital, or restructure or refinance our indebtedness. Legal and Regulatory Risks Ford and Ford Credit could experience unusual or significant litigation, governmental investigations, or adverse publicity arising out of alleged defects in products, services, perceived environmental impacts, or otherwise. We spend substantial resources to comply with governmental safety regulations, mobile and stationary source emissions regulations, consumer and automotive financial regulations, and other standards, but we cannot ensure that employees or other individuals affiliated with us will not violate such laws or regulations. In addition, as discussed below under Ford may need to substantially modify its product plans and facilities to comply with safety, emissions, fuel economy, autonomous driving technology, environmental, and other regulations and Ford Credit could be subject to new or increased credit regulations, consumer protection regulations, or other regulations, regulatory standards and interpretations may change on short notice and impact our compliance status. Government investigations against Ford or Ford Credit could result in fines, penalties, or orders that could have an adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations, or the operation of our business.
Discovery query: What are the environmental and social topics that Verizon cover in its 10K filings?

2023-10-18 18:25:56.674871
quest_text:  What are the environmental and social topics that Verizon cover in its 10K filings?

File: Verizon-10k-2022.pdf
2023-10-18 18:26:00.397424
Passage: During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, Verizon did not repurchase any shares of the Company's common stock under our authorized share buyback program. At December 31, 2022, the maximum number of shares that could be purchased by or on behalf of Verizon under our share buyback program was 100 million. Stock Performance Graph 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Verizon $ 100.0 $ 111.3 $ 126.7 $ 126.5 $ 117.0 $ 93.6 S&P 500 100.0 95.6 125.7 148.8 191.5 156.8 S&P 500 Telecom Services 100.0 87.5 116.1 143.5 174.4 104.8 The graph compares the cumulative total returns of Verizon, the S&P 500 Stock Index and the S&P 500 Telecommunications Services Index over a five-year period. It assumes $100 was invested on December 31, 2017 with dividends being reinvested. Item 6. [Reserved] 20 Table of Contents Item 7. Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Overview Verizon Communications Inc. (the Company) is a holding company that, acting through its subsidiaries (together with the Company, collectively, Verizon), is one of the worlds leading providers of communications, technology, information and entertainment products and services to consumers, businesses and government entities. With a presence around the world, we offer data, video and voice services and solutions on our networks and platforms that are designed to meet customers demand for mobility, reliable network connectivity, security and control. To compete effectively in todays dynamic marketplace, we are focused on the capabilities of our high-performing networks to drive growth based on delivering what customers want and need in the digital world. In 2022, we focused on maintaining our network leadership, including by rapidly deploying C- Band spectrum; retaining and growing our high-quality customer base while balancing profitability in challenging market conditions; and driving monetization of our networks, platforms and solutions. We are creating business value by earning the trust of our stakeholders, limiting our environmental impact and supporting our customer base growth while creating social benefit through our products and services.
Passage: Our human capital programs and practices are designed to create a workplace where employees are empowered to share their authentic selves and feel seen and heard as vital contributors to Verizons corporate purpose. In addition, Verizon has extensive on-the-job training opportunities, tuition reimbursement programs and career development support to enable our employees to maximize their potential and thrive professionally. Our long-standing commitment to diversity and inclusion has resulted in a strong representation of women and people of color. As of December 31, 2022, Verizon's global workforce was approximately 66.5% male, 33.3% female and 0.2% unknown or undeclared, and the race/ethnicity of our U.S. workforce was 52.5% White, 20.0% Black, 12.9% Hispanic, 8.2% Asian, 0.5% American Indian/Alaskan Native, 0.3% Native Hawaiian/Pacific Islander, 2.7% two or more races, and 2.9% unknown or undeclared. Women represented 36.4% of U.S. senior leadership (vice president level and above). People of color represented 32.5% of U.S. senior leadership. Verizon respects our employees rights to freedom of association and collective bargaining in compliance with applicable law, including the right to join or not join labor unions. We have a long history of working with the Communications Workers of America and the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers the two unions that in total represent approximately 22.5% of our employees as of December 31, 2022. The current collective bargaining agreements covering our union-represented employees who serve customers in our Mid-Atlantic and Northeast service areas extend through August 1, 2026. In addition, where applicable outside of the U.S., we engage with employee representative bodies such as works council. Verizon meets with U.S. national and local union leaders, as well as works council leaders outside the U.S., to talk about key business topics, including safety, customer service, plans to improve operational processes, our business performance and the impacts that changing technology and competition are having on our customers, employees and business strategy.
Passage: Our long-standing commitment to diversity and inclusion has resulted in a strong representation of women and people of color. As of December 31, 2022, Verizon's global workforce was approximately 66.5% male, 33.3% female and 0.2% unknown or undeclared, and the race/ethnicity of our U.S. workforce was 52.5% White, 20.0% Black, 12.9% Hispanic, 8.2% Asian, 0.5% American Indian/Alaskan Native, 0.3% Native Hawaiian/Pacific Islander, 2.7% two or more races, and 2.9% unknown or undeclared. Women represented 36.4% of U.S. senior leadership (vice president level and above). People of color represented 32.5% of U.S. senior leadership. Verizon respects our employees rights to freedom of association and collective bargaining in compliance with applicable law, including the right to join or not join labor unions. We have a long history of working with the Communications Workers of America and the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers the two unions that in total represent approximately 22.5% of our employees as of December 31, 2022. The current collective bargaining agreements covering our union-represented employees who serve customers in our Mid-Atlantic and Northeast service areas extend through August 1, 2026. In addition, where applicable outside of the U.S., we engage with employee representative bodies such as works council. Verizon meets with U.S. national and local union leaders, as well as works council leaders outside the U.S., to talk about key business topics, including safety, customer service, plans to improve operational processes, our business performance and the impacts that changing technology and competition are having on our customers, employees and business strategy. For a discussion of the oversight provided by the Company's Board of Directors over Verizon's human capital management practices, see the section entitled "Governance Our Governance Framework Oversight of human capital management" in our definitive Proxy Statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and delivered to shareholders in connection with our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. 12 Table of Contents Patents, Trademarks and Licenses We own or have licenses to various patents, copyrights, trademarks, domain names and other intellectual property rights necessary to conduct our business.
