ADMIN GUIDES
Manage Single Sign-On

Oct 9, 2023•Knowledge
Package Availability
Indicates which SalesLoft package(s) include the feature referenced in this knowledge article.
Content

Salesloft supports the use of single sign-on identity providers (also called SSO). These are session and user authentication services, such as OneLogin, Okta, or Active Directory, that permit a user to use one set of login credentials to access multiple applications.

In this article, we provide a walkthrough of how to set up several popular IdPs, including:

Set Up Your Single Sign-On Provider
Enabling and Disabling Single Sign-On via SAML
SSO via Google OpenID Connect
What If My Solution Is Not Listed?

If you experience any issues with setting up SSO, check out the SSO Troubleshooting Guide.

Set Up Your Single Sign-On Provider

Salesloft currently has single sign-on via SAML setup capabilities with the following IdPs:

Single Sign-On: Okta Instructions
Single Sign-On: Salesforce IDP Instructions
Single Sign-On: OneLogin Instructions
Single Sign-On: Google SSO through SAML
Single Sign-On: Microsoft Azure Instructions

Please click the appropriate link to view step-by-step instructions for setting up your single sign-on provider.

Salesloft also supports SSO via Google OpenID Connect. 

What if my solution is not listed?

Enabling and Disabling Single Sign-On via SAML

Once everything is set up on the application end, you can enable single sign-on in your Salesloft account. The instructions are labeled on the Single Sign-On Settings page under the SAML tab. For a detailed walkthrough of the instructions, follow these steps:

1. Go to the Salesloft Single-Sign On Settings. Click the Upload File button to upload the metadata file from your provider. 
 

 

2. Click Test Login to test your SAML configuration before enabling it. You will be directed to the Test Login page. 

If SAML is configured correctly, you should see a Test Successful page.

If you see a Test Unsuccessful page, review your setup. If the problem continues, check the SSO Troubleshooting Guide for solutions to common problems. After you have made any corrections, try to login again. 

3. If the test was successful, click Enable SSO via SAML to apply it. 

Things to Note: this will take effect immediately. 

Once you've enabled SSO, you may disable it at any time from the same settings page by clicking Disable SSO. 

When SSO is disabled, used will no longer be logged in via SSO. When a user reaches the Salesloft login page after SSO has been disabled, they can perform a password reset in order to login without SSO. 
 

SSO via Google OpenID Connect

OpenID Connect is an authentication protocol built with the goal of making single sign-on simple, easy to set up, and unlike SAML, requiring zero configuration.

Salesloft offers OpenID Connect for teams that authenticate with Google. 

Things to Note: This feature can be enabled for any team that signs in to Salesloft using Gmail or G Suite email addresses.

To enable SSO via Google OpenID Connect, follow these steps: 

Go to the Salesloft Single Sign-On Settings.
Select the SSO via Google OpenID Connect tab. 
Click the button Enable SSO via Google OpenID Connect.

 


 

Once connected, the Single Sign-On label at the top of the page will be followed by a green icon that designates which SSO option is enabled for your team. 

What If My Solution Is Not Listed?

If you are using an internal IdP solution or another IdP not listed here, these are the credentials typically used for setup (please contact Salesloft Support if we do not list a credential you need):

Audience/Audience URI: SalesLoft

Things to Note: The second L in Salesloft must be capitalized as it is shown above or the Audience/Audience URI will not work.
 

Recipient/ACS URL/Single Sign-On URL: https://accounts.salesloft.com/auth/saml-callback
ACS (Consumer) URL Validator: ^https:\/\/accounts\.salesloft\.com
Entity ID: SalesLoft 

Things to Note: The second L in Salesloft must be capitalized as it is shown above or the Entity ID will not work.
 

Name Id Format: Email address
Last Modified By
Stephanie Griffith, 10/9/2023 5:38 PM
Title
Manage Single Sign-On
URL Name
Manage-Single-Sign-On
Salesloft Knowledge
Admin Guides
Single Sign-On
Trending Articles
Salesloft Chrome Extension Overview (Early Access)
Salesloft Email Deliverability Best Practices
Imports from Salesforce
How to Reduce Background Noise
Download the Salesloft Chrome Extension
Contact Support