ADMIN GUIDES
Salesloft & AI

Dec 8, 2023•Knowledge
Package Availability
Indicates which SalesLoft package(s) include the feature referenced in this knowledge article.
Content

AI (Artificial Intelligence) commonly refers to the ability of machines and software to make predictions, recommendations, and automate tasks to drive outcomes.

The use of and discussion around AI has dominated news cycles, been developed into daily applications, and even incorporated into your sales tech stack.

At Salesloft, we believe AI can be used as a partner to sales teams so they can focus on building relationships and solving problems for buyers.

Our goal is to enable sales teams to focus their time and energy on human activities and interactions. To aid this goal, we aim to use automation and AI in our platform to do everything else – synthesize information, prioritize tasks, generate starting drafts, streamline a seller’s work, and beyond.

AI can do wonders to enhance simple actions and increase productivity. It also prompts questions about where AI gathers information and what are the implications.

In this article, we will talk about the AI Salesloft has delivered and provide Salesloft’s guiding principles and standards of use when leveraging AI, including:

An Introduction to AI in Salesloft
Salesloft’s AI Standards
Salesloft's AI Guidelines
Index of Salesloft AI Functionality
An Introduction to AI in Salesloft

One of our product principles at Salesloft is to “Build for People.” We constantly ask questions such as, where can our platform save a user time? Can our product suggest a worthwhile action or provide additional context as a user performs an activity? These questions have led us to embrace AI in our platform.

Generally speaking, there are different types of AI based on functionality or capabilities. The Salelsoft platform uses multiple types of AI including machine learning, generative AI, and natural language processing.

These types of AI inside Salesloft are used to accomplish various tasks. To that end we look to apply AI in scenarios such as these:

Synthesizing information: Taking communication across the life of an account or opportunity and surfacing those details into a relevant, visual, and digestible format.  
Prioritizing activities or opportunities: To clearly identify the next step when there are many possible options.
Extracting key information from communications: aggregating information, such as talk time and action items, for the use of individual sellers or managers to aid coaching, forecasting, or planning.  
Generate buyer communication: Providing a starting point for communications such as emails, call scripts and so on. 

To further aid the seller we may use these models together; for example, prioritizing a meeting follow up using Conductor AI, and inserting action items in the template that was generated by AI. 

Salesloft’s AI Standards

We understand that AI offers new risks along with new value and that each organization must determine its own comfort level with this technology. 

At Salesloft every capability we ship, AI-enabled or not, adheres to our strict security and privacy standards. We know when customers entrust us with their data, it’s our responsibility and obligation to process that data with the highest standards. 

Our policy standards commit that when any private customer data is transmitted to a third party, we will follow our vendor policy, which requires us to thoroughly vet the security policies of that third party, and notify Salesloft customers before any new subprocessor handles any customer personal data. This applies to AI vendors that have access to customer data as well.

Salesloft's AI Guidelines

In addition to our policy standards laid out above, Salesloft’s AI features adhere to certain development guidelines. These guidelines are intended to protect our customers and ensure the validity of each AI feature released.

Every AI capability Salesloft delivers follows these guidelines:

A self-service way for the administrator to turn off every generative AI capability, usually in Settings.  Salesloft supports cross-platform access controls so that administrators can enforce the policies they set around data access. 
A governed approach to the release. This means features are initially released as a restrictive capability. 
Responsible AI research. When it comes to training an AI model, we always check for biases and unintended consequences that our models may have, and address them as they come up.

Finally, Salelsoft adheres to an internal AI policy that governs our own use with internal tools, ensures we protect customer data, intellectual property, and validates usage.

Index of Salesloft AI Functionality

AI enhances features throughout the platform. In this section, you will find a list of Salesloft features that leverage AI. Click the capability name to learn more about the feature from its Knowledge Base article.

Things to Note: An in depth view relating to Salesloft features that use AI and our AI providers can be found in the Salesloft Trust Portal (https://trust.salesloft.com). If you have additional questions after reviewing the documentation in the Knowledge Base and the Trust Portal, please contact the Salesloft Support team. 

Model/ Capability
	
AI Provider
	
Description
	
Other Salesloft models incorporated

Action Items	Microsoft Azure's OpenAI	Generates actionable steps (action items) from conversation transcripts.	Conversation Transcription
AI Forecast	Salesloft	Metric that estimates the probability of a new business deal being closed as won during the current quarter.	None
Conductor AI	Salesloft	Conductor AI ranks actions created by Plays, Cadence steps, and one-off tasks based on immediacy and impact in the Rhythm workflow.	DES
Email Sentiment
Conversation Summary	Microsoft Azure's OpenAI	Generates meeting summaries from conversation transcripts.	Conversation Transcription
Conversation Transcription	Amazon Web Services (AWS) Transcribe	Generate transcripts of your recorded calls in Conversations.	None
Data Enrichment	Salesloft	Updates contact information on Person records with details from email signatures and sync that information with your CRM.	None
Deal Engagement Score (DES)	Salesloft	Health score that helps managers and sellers identify which deals need attention.	Email Sentiment
Draft an Email Step with AI	Microsoft Azure's OpenAI	Generates drafts of your Cadence email templates.	None
Email Sentiment	Salesloft	Classifies email replies into categories that help identify reply trends and patterns.	None
Job Seniority	Salesloft	Computes the job seniority of a prospect from the job title information in the Person record.	None
Out Of Office (OOO) Detection	Salesloft	Detects out-of-office messages and return dates and reschedules Cadence steps if the prospect replies with an out-of-office notification.	None
Last Modified By
Stephanie Griffith, 12/8/2023 2:24 PM
Title
Salesloft & AI
URL Name
Salesloft-AI
Salesloft Knowledge
Admin Guides
Getting Started
User Guides
Support Guides
Trending Articles
Salesloft Chrome Extension Overview (Early Access)
Salesloft Email Deliverability Best Practices
Imports from Salesforce
How to Reduce Background Noise
Download the Salesloft Chrome Extension
Contact Support