ANALYTICS + REPORTING
Analytics Overview: Positive Emails Panel

Jul 18, 2022•Knowledge
Package Availability
Indicates which SalesLoft package(s) include the feature referenced in this knowledge article.
Content
The Positive Emails panel gathers the number of email replies that have been assigned the Positive Email Sentiments. Seeing how often an email replies are perceived as positive offers insight into whether the emails you send truly resonate with your prospects and customers. 

A steadily increasing number of positive emails is an indication that you have good email content which will hopefully lead to better engagement. On the other hand, a drop in positive emails over time suggests that you may need to work to improve your messaging. This could mean developing different templates with your marketing team or practicing better email personalization.

In this article, you will learn about what you can gain from the Positive Emails panel, including:
The Positive Emails Panel
Positive Emails Panel Metrics and Calculations
Panel Drill Down: Email Sentiments Over Time Report
The Positive Emails Panel
The Positive Emails panel contains the following details from the top of the panel working our way down:
Panel Name: Positive Emails
View Report: (Drill down to more details) Takes you to the Email Sentiments Over Time Report.
Primary Metric: Positive - the total number of Positive Email Sentiments assigned. 
Primary Metric Chart: Below the Positive metric, the chart shows the visual representation of the primary metric. 
Secondary Metrics: Average Cadence Process Results
% Total Objections
% Positive
Period Comparison based on date selection: To the right of any metric, you will see a small percentage in either green or red. This will show how your numbers have increased or decreased over time. 
 
 
Positive Emails Metrics and Calculations
Each panel contains primary and secondary metrics. These metrics are calculated in different ways. Check out the Analytics Metric Calculations for a complete list of metrics. 

The Positive Emails panel includes the following metrics based on the associated calculations. 
 
Metrics
	
Description
	
Calculations



Positive

	

 The count of replies that were assigned the Positive Email Sentiment.

	Sum (Positive Email Sentiments)


% Total Objections

	

The percent of all emails delivered that are objections

	Sum (Email Sentiment: Objection: Competitor + Objection: Not Interested + Objection: Not Buyer + Objection: Timing) over total emails delivered


% Positive

	

The percent of all emails delivered that are positive

	Positive email sentiments over total emails delivered
 
Panel Drill Down: Email Sentiments Over Time Report
This panel drills down into the Email Sentiments Over Time Report, where you can take a granular look into the sentiments assigned each day. 
 
Last Modified By
Briana Morgan, 7/18/2022 2:14 PM
Title
Analytics Overview: Positive Emails Panel
URL Name
Analytics-Overview-Positive-Emails-Panel
Salesloft Knowledge
Analytics + Reporting
Analytics Overview Panels
Trending Articles
Salesloft Chrome Extension Overview (Early Access)
Salesloft Email Deliverability Best Practices
Imports from Salesforce
How to Reduce Background Noise
Download the Salesloft Chrome Extension
Contact Support