SALESLOFT MOBILE
Accounts in Salesloft Mobile

Sep 28, 2021•Knowledge
Package Availability
Indicates which SalesLoft package(s) include the feature referenced in this knowledge article.
Content
Your Salesloft Accounts are the businesses or companies you want to sell to and engage with throughout the sales process.

Salesloft Mobile makes it easy to connect with and maintain Account records all from the device that's normally within reach. 

In this article, you will learn about viewing and managing Account records in Salesloft Mobile, including:
Search for an Account in Salesloft Mobile
Clicking on the Account Name from a Mobile Person Page
View an Account Profile Page in Salesloft Mobile
Account Actions in Salesloft Mobile
Search for an Account in Salesloft Mobile
The Search function in Salesloft Mobile looks up any existing Salesloft Accounts. Once you search and find an Account, you can view their Account page.

Accounts and People will show up as potential search items when you type in your search. 
 
Click the Account Name from a Mobile Person Page
People in Salesloft are often linked to the Account just like a contact belongs to a certain company. If an Account exists in Salesloft, you can access the Account page in Salesloft Mobile by clicking the Account name when you are viewing a Person page in the Mobile app. 
View an Account Profile Page in Salesloft Mobile
Whenever you select an Account in Salesloft Mobile, you will be directed to that Accounts Profile page. 

The Account Profile Page in Mobile has multiple sections where you can quickly find information about the Account, including:
Account Details: This will display the Account Stage, Tier, and Owner.
Click View All to view all the fields that have values input.
Click Edit on this page to edit an existing field or add a value to a field that isn't populated yet.
When a phone number is populated for an Account, you can highlight the phone number and click to call that number.
Things to Note: Calls made on Accounts from Salesloft Mobile cannot be logged in Salesloft.
Recent Activities: This will display the 3 most recent activities on the Account.
Click View More to see the full list of Activities for the Account.
People at Account: This will display the 3 most recently contacted people linked to the account and is sorted by most recently contacted at the top.
Click View All to view the full list of People at that Account. For Accounts with many People, users can search by name to filter down the list for a specific contact. 
 
Account Actions in Salesloft Mobile
From the Account page in Salesloft Mobile, you can perform the following actions: 
Edit the Account details
Mark Account as Do Not Contact
Add Person to the Account
 
Last Modified By
Stephanie Griffith, 9/28/2021 6:14 PM
Title
Accounts in Salesloft Mobile
URL Name
Accounts-in-Salesloft-Mobile
Salesloft Knowledge
Salesloft Mobile
User Guides
Trending Articles
Salesloft Chrome Extension Overview (Early Access)
Salesloft Email Deliverability Best Practices
Imports from Salesforce
How to Reduce Background Noise
Download the Salesloft Chrome Extension
Contact Support