ADMIN GUIDES
About Account Management

Mar 20, 2023•Knowledge
Package Availability
Indicates which SalesLoft package(s) include the feature referenced in this knowledge article.
Content

If your sales team uses an Account-based model, you know the significance of communicating with prospects across an entire account versus an individual contributor. 

 

The Account Management tab defines how People are linked to Accounts in Salesloft upon import. Depending on how your account management page is set up, people are linked to pre-existing accounts or new accounts are created when you import people into Salesloft.

 

Salesloft will set defaults for account management, but you can edit them to best fit your account needs based on the data requirements of your team.

 

In this article, you will learn how to manage your account management settings, including: 

Default Settings
Link People to Accounts on Import
Create a New Account Upon Import
Edit Account Management Settings
Why aren't Person Records linking the correct Salesloft Account?

 

Default Settings

Once you’ve set your CRM Type to Salesforce, HubSpot, or Dynamics, Salesloft will automatically update your Account Management Settings as follows:

 

 

If you have not set a CRM type, the Account Management Settings will appear as follows:

 

 

Link People To Accounts on Import

If your team hasn’t set your CRM type in Salesloft yet, you’ll start by joining people and accounts.

 

To link people to existing accounts in Salesloft, select the checkbox labeled Link people to accounts on import. 

 

Salesloft looks for criteria in order to match them to the correct account when linking people to accounts upon import. You can rearrange the criteria to best fit your data. 

 

The following criteria are all available as matching criteria: 

CRM Account ID
Company Name
Company Website
Person Email Domain
 

Things to Note: Only customers with a CRM Type configured will be able to use Account CRM ID as matching criteria.

 

 

Create a New Account Upon Import

If you import people and their account is not already in Salesloft, you can select the option to create a new account when the person is imported. 

 

Things to Note: Choosing this setting will create Accounts in Salesloft that are not tied to any CRM account. Do not use this setting if you want Salesloft Accounts to mirror your CRM Accounts.

 

To create a new account, select the checkbox for If an existing account is not found, I want to create a new account.  

 

When creating an account, two fields must exist: Company Name and Website. If these elements cannot be found, Salesloft will not create an account. 

 

Salesloft will search for these elements by looking for certain criteria.

Map Account Name To:

When populating the Account Name, Salesloft will look at the following criteria. We recommend this order:  

Company Name
Company Website
 
Map Account Domain To:

When populating the Website, Salesloft will look as these criteria (again we recommend this order):

Company Website
Personal Email domain

 

 

Edit Account Management Settings

While we recommend the default options for your account management settings, certain field options may not pertain to your team. In those instances, edit the settings to best fit your needs.

 

Things to Note: These settings may be locked into place after the initial setup. If you want to edit the fields but are unable to do so, please reach out to your Success manager.  

Delete any unnecessary fields by selecting Remove next to the field option.
If there are alternative or unused field options, you can select them by clicking + Add Fallback at the bottom of the list.

 

Why aren't Person Records linking to the correct Salesloft Account?

If Person records are not linking to the correct Salesloft Account, the most common cause is usually due to the team's Account Management settings not matching your team's use case. Specifically, you need to look at the When importing people, I want the person linked to an account by: arrangement.

 

The order of options could be incorrectly linking People to Accounts in Salesloft and may need to be adjusted.

 

For example, let's say your company works with a lot of leads or prospects that have "gmail.com" or "generic" email addresses. If your Account Management settings use Person Email Domain to help match People to Accounts, it's possible that all prospects with a "gmail.com" email address are tied to a single Account. even though they might each belong to separate accounts.  

 

If you're experiencing this error, check the Account Management Settings and then contact your team's CSM to help review and adjust the Account Management settings. 

 

 
 
 
Last Modified By
Briana Morgan, 3/20/2023 1:49 PM
Title
About Account Management
URL Name
About-Account-Management
Salesloft Knowledge
Admin Guides
Data Settings
Trending Articles
Salesloft Chrome Extension Overview (Early Access)
Salesloft Email Deliverability Best Practices
Imports from Salesforce
How to Reduce Background Noise
Download the Salesloft Chrome Extension
Contact Support