CADENCES + TASKS
Launch Your Cadence

Sep 17, 2021•Knowledge
Package Availability
Indicates which SalesLoft package(s) include the feature referenced in this knowledge article.
Content
When you are ready to begin executing your Cadence steps, there are a few ways to begin, or launch, your Cadence from within Salesloft.

Launching a Cadence will open the Cadence Side Panel where you can actually Run Cadence Steps.

In this article, you will learn where you can start your Cadence steps in Salesloft, including:
Cadences Panel on the Home Dashboard
Run A Cadence (Rocket Ship Icon)
From a Person’s Profile Page
Cadences Panel on the Home Dashboard
The Home Dashboard Cadences Panel shows the Cadences that have activity to complete.

To run a step from the Cadences panel, follow these instructions: 
Go to the Cadences panel in the bottom right of your Dashboard, aka the Salesloft home page. 
Find the Cadence and step type you want to take action on.
Next to the step name, you will see a blue Run Step button. Click Run Step.
The Cadence side panel will expand on the right side of your window. You will be re-directed to the profile page of the first person listed in the Cadence step will and prompted to take your Cadence step action.
 
Run A Cadence (Rocket Ship Icon)  
Click the Rocket ship icon in the upper right corner or the Salesloft navigation bar to open your Cadence side panel.

This icon stays visible throughout the Cadence product. So, no matter what page you are viewing, you can quickly begin your Cadence steps by clicking this icon. 

Things to Note: The Rocket Ship icon is not currently visible in the Deals product.

To launch a Cadence using the Rocket Ship icon, follow these steps: 
In the upper right corner of Salesloft, click the Rocket Ship Icon to Run a Cadence.
A list of open Cadence actions will appear. Click Run Step next to the action you want to take.  
 
From a Person’s Profile Page
You can launch Cadences from any profile view in Salesloft. The Person Profile and Account Profile pages both show Cadence information in the following locations:
The upcoming activities found in the Activity Feed
Person Profile Activity Feed
Account Profile Activity Feed
Cadences panel: Click the Day/Step link of the Next listed Cadence. 
 
To launch a Cadence from the Activity Person Profile page, follow these steps: 
Go to a Person’s Profile Page in Salesloft.
If the person is currently on a Cadence step, you will see it listed the Cadence listed in the Activity Feed as an Upcoming Action.
The step will be listed as "the day: step number: step type". Click Run Step to open the Cadence side panel.
Last Modified By
Stephanie Griffith, 9/17/2021 3:08 PM
Title
Launch Your Cadence
URL Name
Launch-Your-Cadence
Salesloft Knowledge
Cadences + Tasks
Run A Cadence
Trending Articles
Salesloft Chrome Extension Overview (Early Access)
Salesloft Email Deliverability Best Practices
Imports from Salesforce
How to Reduce Background Noise
Download the Salesloft Chrome Extension
Contact Support