ADMIN GUIDES
Manage the Zoom Phone Dialer Integration (COMING SOON)

Sep 11, 2023•Knowledge
Package Availability
Indicates which SalesLoft package(s) include the feature referenced in this knowledge article.
Content

The Zoom Phone Dialer Integration allows users on your team to make Zoom Phone calls in Salesloft.

 

Connecting Zoom Phone and Salesloft allows your team to access Zoom Phone functionality in Salesloft, which offers a more consistent call experience for your team and allows you a better look into the conversations your team is having with customers.

 

As an admin, you can set up the Zoom Phone Dialer Integration for users on your team.

 

In this article, you will learn about setting up the Zoom Phone Dialer Integration, including

Change the Dialer Type Setting to Zoom Phone
Authorize the Zoom Phone Integration
Download the Early Access Version of Salesloft Connect V2 
Change the Dialer Type Setting to Zoom Phone

By setting up the Zoom Phone Dialer Integration for users on your team, you will replace the Salesloft Dialer with Zoom Phone in their instance.

 

To replace the Salesloft Dialer with Zoom Phone, you will need to contact our Salesloft Support Team to change the Dialer Type Setting to Zoom Phone.

 

To contact Salesloft Support, check out our Salesloft Support Guide. This guide will walk you through how to contact our team as well as provide information on response times and additional resources. 

 

Once the Dialer Type has been changed to Zoom Phone, you can proceed with Authorizing the Zoom Phone Dialer Integration.

Authorize the Zoom Phone Integration 

The Zoom Phone Dialer Integration enables a connection between Zoom Phone and Salesloft. As an admin, you must authorize this connection for users on your team. 

 

To authorize the Zoom Phone Integration, follow these steps:

Navigate to the Team Dialer Settings.
Sign in to Zoom phone. You will be directed to the Zoom Phone Authorization page. 
Review the Authorization Notice and proceed with initiating the authorization process.
Download the Early Access Version of Salesloft Connect V2 

The Zoom Phone Dialer Integration is available in version 2 of the Salesloft Connect Chrome Extension. 

 

Before your team can make Zoom Phone calls in Salesloft, you will need to download the early access version of Salesloft Connect V2. To download the early access version of Salesloft Connect V2, check out our Salesloft Connect V2 Early Access article. 

Last Modified By
Raequel Sank, 9/11/2023 4:07 PM
Title
Manage the Zoom Phone Dialer Integration (COMING SOON)
URL Name
Manage-the-Zoom-Phone-Dialer-Integration
Admin Guides
Dialer + Messenger
Dialer Management
Salesloft Knowledge
Advanced Dialer Guides
Set Up The Dialer
Trending Articles
Salesloft Chrome Extension Overview (Early Access)
Salesloft Email Deliverability Best Practices
Imports from Salesforce
How to Reduce Background Noise
Download the Salesloft Chrome Extension
Contact Support