ADMIN GUIDES
ADMIN ESSENTIALS
Feature Deprecation Process

Dec 11, 2023•Knowledge
Package Availability
Indicates which SalesLoft package(s) include the feature referenced in this knowledge article.
Content

Feature deprecation is an inevitable part of SaaS software development. As a Salesloft customer, your subscription pays for the continuous innovation and improvement of our products. This may mean that some features within our products may be removed and retired.

We recognize that change can be hard, especially when it involves an integral part of your team’s daily work life, like your Salesloft account.

Things to Note: As a service, Salesloft products do not have versions; all customers subscribe to the same current feature and functionality set.

In this article, we will provide some information and frequently asked questions about Salesloft’s Feature Deprecation process, including: 

Key Terms Related to Feature Deprecation
List of Deprecating Features
Why Does Salesloft Deprecate Features?
What kind of impact will Feature Deprecation have on me as a Salesloft Customer? 

 

Key Terms Related to Feature Deprecation
Deprecation

Deprecation is the intended removal of a feature or functionality from the product.

End of Support

When Salesloft intends to stop selling, supporting, or sustaining a feature or functionality. A Customer may still have access to the feature or functionality for a limited period of time (until it is Retired). 

Retired

When a feature or functionality is removed from the platform and is no longer available for use by the Customer, the feature is then considered retired. 

List of Deprecating Features

The table below sets out all current and planned feature or functionality deprecations.

Product
	
Feature or Functionality
	
End of Support (Date)
	
Retired (Date)

Deals & Forecasting	Leads Data in Deals	8/1/2023	6/6/2024

 

This Feature Deprecation process applies to features within our products as applicable. All specified announcements for End of Support and Retirements may be subject to change and this Policy supersedes all previous versions of the Feature Deprecation policy that can be found on the Knowledge Base. 

Why Does Salesloft Deprecate Features?

To continually improve our products and offer a better user experience for our customers. Supporting outdated or little used features or functionality negatively impacts the value that we bring to our customers as well as to the Salesloft teams that support them. Not only are there significant monetary expenses, but there are also opportunity costs that need to be considered. 


Salesloft aims to offer a high level of product value to all of our customers. . As such, the cost of resources associated with this level of support is significant. Maintaining multiple, outdated, and rarely used features or functionality is costly and inefficient. Most importantly, it impacts the team’s ability to offer a fast and effective service.

What kind of impact will Feature Deprecation have on me as a Salesloft Customer? 

Managing change can be challenging. That is why our goal is to minimize the impact on your organization with timely announcements, training, and customer support. 

Have more questions? Contact Salesloft Support.

 

Last Modified By
Stephanie Griffith, 12/11/2023 3:03 PM
Title
Feature Deprecation Process
URL Name
Feature-Deprecation-Process
Admin Guides
Salesloft Knowledge
Support Guides
Admin Essentials
Getting Started
Trending Articles
Salesloft Chrome Extension Overview (Early Access)
Salesloft Email Deliverability Best Practices
Imports from Salesforce
How to Reduce Background Noise
Download the Salesloft Chrome Extension
Contact Support