ANALYTICS + REPORTING
Analytics Overview: Objection Emails Panel

Dec 16, 2021•Knowledge
Package Availability
Indicates which SalesLoft package(s) include the feature referenced in this knowledge article.
Content
The Objection Emails panel gathers Objection Email Sentiments to provide insight into how often you’re receiving replies that are considered an objection. The panel also breaks down which objections occur the most. 

Managers that view this panel can offer targeted coaching to reps on the most common objections, so they can expertly handle them in the future. As a rep, you can learn more and build goals to decrease the objections you receive. 

In this article, you will learn about the Cadence Process panel, including:
The Objection Emails Panel
Object Emails Panel Metrics and Calculations
Panel Drill Down: Email Sentiments Over Time Report
The Objection Emails Panel
The Objection Emails panel contains the following details from the top of the panel working our way down:
Panel Name: Objection Emails
View Report: (Drill down to more details) Takes you to the Email Sentiments Over Time Report.
Primary Metric: Total Objections
Primary Metric Chart: Below the Total Objections, the chart shows the visual representation of the primary metric. 
Secondary Metrics: Objections by Sentiment breakdown
Objection - Competitor
Objection - Not Interested
Objection - Not the Buyer
Objection - Timing
Period Comparison based on date selection: To the right of any metric, you will see a small percentage in either green or red. This will show how your numbers have increased or decreased over time. 
 
 
 
Objection Email Metrics and Calculations
Each panel contains primary and secondary metrics. These metrics are calculated in different ways. Check out the Analytics Metric Calculations for a complete list of metrics. 

The Objection Email panel includes the following metrics based on the associated calculations. 
 
Metrics
	
Description
	
Calculations



Total Objections

	

The count of replies that were assigned with an Objective Email Sentiment.

	

Sum (Email Sentiment: Objection: Competitor + Objection: Not Interested + Objection: Not Buyer + Objection: Timing)




Objection - Competitor 

	

The number of competitor objections

	

Sum (Email Sentiment:  Objection: Competitor)




Objection - Not Interested

	

The number of non interest objections

	 

Sum (Email Sentiment: Objection: Not Interested)




Objection - Not the Buyer

	

The number of not the buyer objections

	 

Sum (Email Sentiment: Objection: Not Buyer)




Objection - Timing

	

The number of timing objections

	 

Sum (Email Sentiment: Objection: Timing)

 
Panel Drill Down: Email Sentiments Over Time Report
This panel drills down into the Email Sentiments Over Time Report, where you can see more granular data of the Email Sentiments assigned each day. 
 
Last Modified By
Stephanie Griffith, 12/16/2021 2:22 PM
Title
Analytics Overview: Objection Emails Panel
URL Name
Analytics-Overview-Objection-Emails-Panel
Salesloft Knowledge
Analytics + Reporting
Analytics Overview Panels
Trending Articles
Salesloft Chrome Extension Overview (Early Access)
Salesloft Email Deliverability Best Practices
Imports from Salesforce
How to Reduce Background Noise
Download the Salesloft Chrome Extension
Contact Support