USER GUIDES
SALESLOFT CONNECT
Update the Salesloft Chrome Extension

Oct 11, 2023•Knowledge
Package Availability
Indicates which SalesLoft package(s) include the feature referenced in this knowledge article.
Content

Like any application, the Salesloft Chrome Extension will occasionally need to be updated. Updates allow for new functionality, bug fixes, and app maintenance.

 

In this article, you will learn how to update the Salesloft Chrome Extension, including:

Conditions for Updating Salesloft Connect
Update Salesloft Connect 
Conditions for Updating Salesloft Connect

The extension will be only updated when the following conditions are met:

All Gmail tabs are closed or Gmail is opened in the Inbox view with the scroll position at the top of the page.
All Salesforce tabs are closed. 

The extension will not be updated if:

A Salesloft user is composing an email.
Any email is opened.  
The user is in the Inbox view, but not on the first page or the page has scrolled down.
The user is in anything other than the Inbox folder view.
The extension side panel is opened.
Any Salesforce tab is opened.

When an update is available, Salesloft will check if the extension can be updated. In the case it cannot be updated during the working day, the update will be forced between 11 pm and 5 am in users' local time zones.

Update Salesloft Connect

For those instances when the extension is not updated automatically, you will be able to update the extension manually. To perform a manual Chrome extension update, follow these steps: 

In the upper right corner of your Chrome browser, you will see a dot indication next to the Salesloft icon in the Chrome extension bar.
Click the Salesloft icon. This will open a banner with the option to update the extension.
Click Update Now.
Once you select the option to update the extension, all opened Gmail and Salesforce tabs will be reloaded and the extension will update to the latest version.

 
 
You may also be prompted to update the extension outside of Salesloft. For example, your Google calendar may inform you that the extension has been updated. 

 

Last Modified By
Raequel Sank, 10/11/2023 7:07 PM
Title
Update the Salesloft Chrome Extension
URL Name
Update-the-Salesloft-Chrome-Extension
Salesloft Knowledge
Salesloft Connect
User Guides
Understanding Salesloft Connect
User Guides FAQ + Troubleshooting
Trending Articles
Salesloft Chrome Extension Overview (Early Access)
Salesloft Email Deliverability Best Practices
Imports from Salesforce
How to Reduce Background Noise
Download the Salesloft Chrome Extension
Contact Support