ADMIN GUIDES
Manage Conversations Storage

Jan 10, 2023•Knowledge
Package Availability
Indicates which SalesLoft package(s) include the feature referenced in this knowledge article.
Content
Managing storage for an entire team can be time consuming, and with so many Conversations recordings to review, deciding which to save and which to delete can be a tedious process. 

Conversations Auto-Delete simplifies storage management by allowing recordings to be automatically deleted based on the Auto-Delete criteria that you, as an admin, set for your team. 

Things to Note: Deleting recordings is a permanent action. Recordings that have been deleted may not be recovered. 

Once you enable Conversations Auto-Delete and set Auto-Delete criteria for your team, the automatic deletion process will occur daily at 1:00AM EST. Additionally, Conversations Auto-Delete can be enabled and disabled as often as you see fit for your team, allowing you to control the storage management process for your team. 

In this article, we will walk through everything you need to know about Conversations Auto-Delete, including:
Conversations Auto-Delete Criteria
Enable Conversations Auto-Delete
Disable Conversations Auto-Delete
Conversations Auto-Delete FAQs
Conversations Auto-Delete Criteria
When you enable Conversations Auto-Delete for your team, you can set Auto-Delete criteria by which recordings will be automatically deleted. The Auto-Delete criteria that you set is essentially an expiration age that determines when recordings will expire– based on their creation date– and be automatically deleted.

For example, if you set the Auto-Delete criteria at 120 days, any recording that is more than 120 days old will be automatically deleted at 1:00 AM EST. This process will continue daily, deleting your team’s recordings as they reach their 120-day expiration. You can, however, disable Conversations Auto-Delete at any point to stop the automatic deletion process. 
If you have recordings saved within playlists, you can also choose to save them from being automatically deleted.
Enable Conversations Auto-Delete
As an admin, you can enable, or turn on, Conversations Auto-Delete and set Auto-Delete criteria for your entire team.

To enable Conversations Auto-Delete for your team, follow these steps:

1. Navigate to your settings.
2. Scroll to the Communication section on the left menu panel and select Conversations.
3. Choose Manage Storage from the Conversations tabs.
4. Click Edit.
Things to Note: Conversations Auto-Delete is disabled by default.

5. Choose Auto Delete is enabled and old recordings will be deleted to enable Conversations Auto-Delete and set your Auto-Delete criteria.

6. Set your Auto-Delete criteria.
7. Check the box to agree that your recordings will be automatically deleted.

Things to Note: Deleting recordings is a permanent action. Recordings that have been deleted may not be recovered. 

8. Click Save.

Once you click Save to enable Conversations Auto-Delete, the Auto-Delete criteria that you set will appear on the Manage Storage page. 
Disable Conversations Auto-Delete
Conversations Auto-Delete can be turned off and on as often as you see fit for your team.

To turn off and disable Conversations Auto-Delete for your team, follow these steps:

1. Navigate to your settings.
2. Scroll to the Communications section on the left menu panel and select Conversations.
3. Select Manage Storage from the Conversations tabs.
4. Click Edit.
5. Choose the Disable is disabled option.
6. Click Save.

Once you disable Conversations Auto-Delete, Auto-Delete Disabled should appear on the Manage Storage page.
 
Conversations Auto-Delete FAQs
Can I recover any recording that was deleted?
Deleting recordings is a permanent action. Once a recording has been deleted, Salesloft removes it from the database along with any metadata related to it.

How can I stop or prevent the process from running?
The automatic deletion process runs daily at 1:00 AM EST. As an admin, you can enable and disable Conversations Auto-Delete as often as you’d like. As long as you disable Conversations Auto-Delete before 1:00 AM EST, your recordings will not be deleted.

To disable Conversations Auto-Delete, check out the Disable Conversations Auto-Delete section.

If there is a specific recording that I want to keep, how can I prevent it from being removed?
If you want to keep a recording that is outside of the Auto-Delete criteria, you can add it to a playlist and click the Recordings included in a playlist option on the Edit Auto-Delete window.

For more information on adding recordings to a playlist, check out the Recordings Actions Guide.

Can I see which recordings will be deleted?
Conversations Auto-Delete does not create a separate list containing recordings that are scheduled to be deleted. 

To determine which recordings will be deleted, you can compare the Auto-Delete criteria set for your team to the creation date of the recording in question. If a recording’s creation date falls within the date range set for your team’s Auto-Delete criteria, the recording will be automatically deleted at 1:00AM EST.

Can I pick the date and time for Conversations Auto-Delete to run?
Once it is enabled, Conversations Auto-Delete runs daily at 1:00 AM EST. You can not pick the dates for Auto-Delete to run, but you can disable it manually.

To disable Conversations Auto-Delete, check out the Disable Conversations Auto-Delete section.

Will Conversations Auto-Delete remove Calls located in the Dialer section?
Conversations Auto-Delete will remove Dialer calls from Conversations, however, the Dialer call will still be accessible throughout Salesloft.

If a Dialer call has been removed from Conversations, you can still access the Dialer call recording (Twilio link) from the following:
Calls tab
Person record
Account record
Deals Timeline (when applicable)
Also, the CRM call task (when configured) will still live in the CRM with an active recording

If you would like to permanently remove Dialer calls, please submit a request to our support team.
Last Modified By
Raequel Sank, 1/10/2023 8:35 PM
Title
Manage Conversations Storage
URL Name
Manage-Storage
Salesloft Knowledge
Admin Guides
Communication Settings
Trending Articles
Salesloft Chrome Extension Overview (Early Access)
Salesloft Email Deliverability Best Practices
Imports from Salesforce
How to Reduce Background Noise
Download the Salesloft Chrome Extension
Contact Support