ADMIN GUIDES
Manage the Conversation Intelligence Bot

Jan 21, 2022•Knowledge
Package Availability
Indicates which SalesLoft package(s) include the feature referenced in this knowledge article.
Content
The Conversation Intelligence Bot is a virtual machine that joins a user's meetings as a participant to record, transcribe, and perform additional Conversation Intelligence magic.

As awesome as the possibilities are, you may still want to set some parameters for the bot. This is where the Bot Settings come into play. The Bot settings let you manage the way the Conversation Intelligence bot appears and behaves within your team’s instance. 

As a team admin, you can access the Bot Settings by going to the Conversation Intelligence Settings in your Team Settings. You will land in the Bot Settings tab. 

In this article, you will learn about the settings specific to the Conversation Intelligence Bot, including: 
Bot Name
Set Domains as Do Not Record 
Default Bot Join Behavior
Default Bot Join Time
Public Domain Provider Recognition
Bot Detects Alternate Emails  
Bot Name
As mentioned above, the bot joins calls that will be recorded. By default, the bot will be named (Company Name) Meeting.

However, if you want to think of the bot as your team’s buddy that joins calls, you can rename the bot to whatever fits your team’s needs (robo-recorder, Nancy, John Smith, for a few examples).

To edit the bot name, follow these steps:
Go to Conversation Intelligence under your Communication settings.
From the General tab, find the Bot Name section. Click the pencil icon that says Edit Bot Name.
Enter your preferred bot name in the text box.
Hit Save.
Set Domains as Do Not Record
The bot is a valuable, record-keeping assistant during calls with prospects and customers. However, certain meetings should not have a recording bot in attendance. You know, those meetings with external partners or company stakeholders where recording won't be helpful for training purposes. 

It's for these exact reasons that Conversation Intelligence has included Do Not Record Domains Settings. A team admin determines the email domains that should be included as Do Not Record Domains. Then, whenever one of those domains is detected in a calendar invite, the bot will not attend the meeting. 

Things to Note:
Do not add your company's domain to the Do Not Record list. You internal domain is already recognized and marked as Do Not Record by Conversation Intelligence. The Do Not Record list is strictly for email domains outside of your organization that you do not wish to have recorded. 
Once an admin adds a domain, it should apply retroactively to upcoming meetings that have been scheduled previously. This means that the bot should no longer be queued up for these meetings, and the meetings should be removed from the UI under the Scheduled tab.
To add a domain to the Do Not Record list, follow these steps:
Go to Conversation Intelligence under the Communication settings. 
Select the General Settings tab, scroll to the Do Not Record Domains box.
Click within the box to edit the text and type in the email domain.
You must enter a valid email domain.  If invalid domains are inputted into text box, a red error message will appear under the text box notifying you that the domain is invalid or that the proper separation methods was not used.
Each domain must be separated by commas, spaces, or line breaks.
Once the domains are added, click Update Domains. A confirmation will pop up in your window.
 
Default Bot Join Behavior
The Bot Behavior section is where you can configure how and when the bot will join your team's meetings. The bot behaviors include join behaviors and join time. 

The join behavior setting allows you to decide when the bot will join your users' meetings.

Things to Note: The default bot join behavior is set so the bot will join all meetings where the Salesloft user is present, regardless if the host/organizer of the calendar invite is internal or external to their company. 

To choose your team's join behavior, click the checkbox or the text for one of the following options: 
Bot will record all meetings when a Conversation Intelligence-enabled team member is present: The bot will join any meetings the Conversation Intelligence user attends if someone at their company sent the invite. If you choose this option, you may choose to have the bot automatically join your team's meetings scheduled by someone outside your company (below).
Bot will automatically join your team's meetings scheduled by someone outside your company: If you have selected to record meetings the user attends (above), this option will record all meetings that your users are invited to, including invites from people outside their company. 
Bot will only record meetings when a Conversation Intelligence-enabled team member is the organizer of the calendar event: The bot will only join meetings where the Salesloft users are the hosts/organizers of the calendar invites.
 
Default Bot Join Time
The bot timing denotes when exactly the bot will join a meeting. Your bot timing options include:
Right when the meeting is supposed to start
1 minute early
2 minutes early
3 minutes early
4 minutes early
5 minutes early 
Things to Note: Individual users can override the bot time within their own user settings.
Public Domain Provider Recognition
By default, the Conversation Intelligence bot will not join meetings that are sent to email addresses with generic or public domains (like @gmail or @yahoo). This is actually a measure to keep the bot from attending personal meetings. So, if you set a calendar invite with your parents, who use @yahoo.com email addresses, the bot would not join the meeting.

However, if you are working within a B2C (business-to-consumer) organization, you may interact with people using this style of email. 

Team admins can determine whether or not the bot attend meetings that include invites to public domain email addresses by turning on the Public Domain Provider Recognition feature. 

Things to Note: If a Salesloft team member's login credentials use an email address with a public domain (like @gmail.com), Conversation Intelligence will include that domain as an internal domain. Since Conversation Intelligence does not record internal meetings, future meetings sent to people who use that public domain will not be recognized by Conversation Intelligence.

When enabled, Public Domain Provider Recognition supports the following commonly used public domains:
gmail.com
yahoo.com
hotmail.com
msn.com
outlook.com
mail.com
icloud.com
aol.com
To turn Public Domain Provider Recognition on, follow these steps:
Go to Conversation Intelligence under the Communication settings. 
Under the General Settings tab, scroll to the Public Domain Provider Recognition section.
Click the toggle so that it turns blue. Once the toggle is on, a green confirmation message at the top of the page will verify the setting is enabled.
 
Bot Detects Alternate Emails
Below the Bot Detects Alternate Emails section, you will find a chart that list all of your Conversation Intelligence users. Next to each user's name you can see the the various email domains and email addresses they were using to connect their email clients and calendars to Salesloft.

This list allows you to determine if Salesloft will capture all of the domains your team is using.

If you realize an email address or domain is missing, submit a support ticket directly from the page in the app.
 
 
Last Modified By
Raequel Sank, 1/21/2022 4:40 PM
Title
Manage the Conversation Intelligence Bot
URL Name
Manage-the-Conversation-Intelligence-Bot
Salesloft Knowledge
Admin Guides
Communication Settings
Trending Articles
Salesloft Chrome Extension Overview (Early Access)
Salesloft Email Deliverability Best Practices
Imports from Salesforce
How to Reduce Background Noise
Download the Salesloft Chrome Extension
Contact Support