ADMIN GUIDES
Manage Conversation Intelligence

Jan 18, 2022•Knowledge
Package Availability
Indicates which SalesLoft package(s) include the feature referenced in this knowledge article.
Content
As a Salesloft admin, you manage your team's access to Conversation Intelligence. By providing access to Conversations, Salesloft users can record and share their meetings.

Things to Note: If an admin disables Conversations for any users, the user may still view available recordings.

Navigate to your settings and find the Conversations tab below the Communication section. The Conversation Intelligence Settings are split into the following tabs: 
General Settings
Note Tags Settings
X-Ray Settings
From the Conversations product tab you can enable and set guidelines for your team’s recordings.

In this article, you will learn about the components of the Conversations settings, including:
Getting Your Team Started with Conversation Intelligence
Conversation Intelligence Module
Manage Bot Settings
SLU: Team Communication: Conversation Intelligence (Video)
Getting Your Team Started with Conversation Intelligence
Before your team can record their meetings, someone has to push “Start”. As a Salesloft admin, this means enabling the feature for individual users.

By purchasing Conversations, you provide your team the entry-level access to recordings. Aka, once Conversations has been turned on, all users on your team can view existing recordings.

But to unlock all the capabilities the Conversations has to offer (call recordings, transcriptions, recording sharing, etc.), each user needs to have the feature enabled.

Follow these instructions to activate Conversations and enable it for your users:
From your Team Settings, go to the Users tab.
To enable Conversation Intelligence for a user, turn the toggle from gray to blue in the Meeting Recording column. A notification will appear to confirm that the settings have been updated.
 
Conversation Intelligence Module
Conversations is a paid module for each user to be able to record, annotate, and analyze your team’s recordings.

When Conversations is enabled for users on your team, our Salesloft team will reach out to add the feature to your contract.

Things to Note: You will not be charged for retroactive use of Conversations. Enjoy testing the feature at no additional cost!
Manage Bot Settings
The Bot settings let you determine how the Conversations bot appears with your team’s instance. The Bot settings including the following sections: 
Bot Name: Determines how the bot will appear as an attendee during meetings. 
Bot Behavior: where you can configure how and when the bot will join your team's meetings. The bot behaviors include join behaviors and join time. 
Bot Detects Alternate Emails: Shows the email addresses associated to each Conversation Intelligence user on your team. 
For a detailed walk through and setup instructions of the Bot Settings tab, check out the Manage the Conversation Intelligence Bot article.   
SLU: Team Communication: Conversation Intelligence (Video)
Want to know about team Conversation Intelligence Settings, but prefer a video format? Visit Salesloft University to see the Team Communication: Conversation Intelligence video tutorial. 
Last Modified By
Raequel Sank, 1/18/2022 9:20 PM
Title
Manage Conversation Intelligence
URL Name
Manage-Conversation-Intelligence
Salesloft Knowledge
Admin Guides
Communication Settings
Trending Articles
Salesloft Chrome Extension Overview (Early Access)
Salesloft Email Deliverability Best Practices
Imports from Salesforce
How to Reduce Background Noise
Download the Salesloft Chrome Extension
Contact Support