DEALS
Update Missing Required Fields in Deals

Jan 9, 2024•Knowledge
Package Availability
Indicates which SalesLoft package(s) include the feature referenced in this knowledge article.
Content

Sometimes, your ability to change a field on an Opportunity in Salesloft depends on the Salesforce Opportunity requirements.

Salesforce Opportunity requirements are fields in Salesforce that you must complete. Let’s say your team admin set a requirement in Salesforce that you must include a “Close Date” for all Opportunities. In this case, the Close Date field is a Salesforce Opportunity requirement. 

Before you can change an Opportunity field in Salesloft, you must be sure that all Salesforce Opportunity requirements are completed.  Failing to update one of these required fields could result in the 0000 Unexpected Error. 

The good news is Salesloft will prompt you to update missing required fields when you make changes to an opportunity field from the Pipeline view. In the event that there are required fields when you attempt to update a field on a Deal, a Required Field(s) window will appear. This window is triggered whenever you attempt to modify an opportunity with empty required fields. The pop up window includes all the necessary fields for saving the opportunity. 

Enter a value for the missing field(s). When you click Save, all changes will automatically show up in Salesforce.

Things to Note: 

The Missing Required Fields window will only appear when modifying fields from the Pipeline View. 
Missing Required Fields may appear for any opportunity fields with requirements. 

Last Modified By
Stephanie Griffith, 1/9/2024 7:59 PM
Title
Update Missing Required Fields in Deals
URL Name
Update-Missing-Required-Fields-in-Deals
Deals
Pipeline Management
Salesloft Knowledge
Trending Articles
Salesloft Chrome Extension Overview (Early Access)
Salesloft Email Deliverability Best Practices
Imports from Salesforce
How to Reduce Background Noise
Download the Salesloft Chrome Extension
Contact Support