PEOPLE AND ACCOUNTS
Do Not Contact and Contact Restrictions

Dec 12, 2023•Knowledge
Package Availability
Indicates which SalesLoft package(s) include the feature referenced in this knowledge article.
Content

Contact restrictions disable methods of communication for People in Salesloft. In other words, if someone says, "Never call me" or, "I don't check my email ever," you can block off that contact method, and keep your efforts on focused on their preferred communication style. 

Salesloft has specific options for contact restrictions based on the type of communication that is restricted. 

In this article, you will learn about the different contact restrictions options and features, including: 

Do Not Contact
Restrict Calls
Restrict Emails
Restrict Texts

 

Want to add contact restrictions to a Person or an Account? Check out our Add or Manage Contact Restrictions article.

Do Not Contact

Marking a Person as Do Not Contact (aka DNC) inside Salesloft prevents any and all communication to that Person. 

A Person can be marked as Do Not Contact by opting-out of email communications or when a Salesloft user (like yourself) manually edits the Persons contact restrictions to Do Not Contact per their suggestion. The manual change can happen from the People page or from the Person's Profile page. 

Things to Note:

Do Not Contact is the recommended alternative to deleting a Person since all of the data remains in Salesloft but you won't mistakenly reach out to the Person.
Marking a Person as Do Not Contact inside Salesloft will not prevent them from being contacted from a third party such as Gmail or Outlook.

 


If someone is marked as Do Not Contact, the following will apply: 

Email is disabled, 
Calling is disabled
The Person cannot be added to any Cadence
The Person is removed from all Cadences

Salesloft's Do Not Contact list, located under Privacy Settings, ensures records are marked Do Not Contact and will not receive any Lofted email.

If Do Not Contact has been selected by a Salesloft user or by the Person opting out of communication, the DNC label can be found on the People page, below the Status column. 

Restrict Calls

The restrict calls contact restriction removes the ability to call that Person. When calls are restricted, the following features will be disabled:

The Call Quick Action button on the person's profile page
The click-to-call functionality from the phone number in the contact info will no longer be a hyperlink.
If this Person enters a call step in any Cadence, that step will be automatically skipped. 

Once this restriction has been selected, the restriction label (yellow phone with a strikethrough) will appear on the Person's profile and status. 
 


 
Restrict Emails

The restrict emails contact restriction removes the ability to email that Person. When emails are restricted, the following features will be disabled:

The Email Quick Action button on the person's profile page
The email address in the contact info will no longer be a hyperlink, removing the click-to-email function
If this Person enters an email step in any Cadence, that step will be automatically skipped. 

Once this restriction has been selected, the restriction label (yellow envelope with a strikethrough) will appear on the Person's profile and status. 
 


 
Restrict Texts

The restrict texts contact restriction removes the ability to send SMS text messages through Salesloft to that Person. 

Once this restriction has been selected, the restriction label (yellow chat bubble with a strikethrough) will appear on the Person's profile and status. 

 

Last Modified By
Raequel Sank, 12/12/2023 8:34 PM
Title
Do Not Contact and Contact Restrictions
URL Name
Do-Not-Contact-and-Contact-Restrictions
Salesloft Knowledge
People And Accounts
People
People Page
People Guides
Trending Articles
Salesloft Chrome Extension Overview (Early Access)
Salesloft Email Deliverability Best Practices
Imports from Salesforce
How to Reduce Background Noise
Download the Salesloft Chrome Extension
Contact Support