ADMIN GUIDES
Single Sign-On: Salesforce IDP Instructions

Sep 28, 2021•Knowledge
Package Availability
Indicates which SalesLoft package(s) include the feature referenced in this knowledge article.
Content
In order to setup your Salesforce IDP, we need to configure the Salesloft application in Salesforce. Follow the instructions listed below to configure your Salesforce IDP in Salesforce Classic:

1. Open Salesforce in a new tab and enter the word domain in the Quick Find/Search bar on the left side.
 

2. Select My Domain from the list, and follow the on-screen instructions to set up your domain.
 
3. Now, use the Quick Find bar on the left of the page and enter Apps. Or you can navigate to the page by selecting Build, then click Create, and, finally, Apps.
 

4. From the Apps page, scroll to the very bottom section and find Connected Apps. Click the New button. 
 
5. Now you will create a new app. Fill in the fields with the information below:
Connected App Name: Salesloft
API Name: Salesloft
Contact Email: Use the email address which matches your admin login in Salesloft
Enable SAML: True (check checkbox)
Entity ID: SalesLoft
Things to Note: The second L in Salesloft must be capitalized as it is shown above or the Entity ID will not work.
 
ACS URL: https://accounts.salesloft.com/auth/saml-callback
Subject Type: Username
Name ID Format: urn:oasis:names:tc:SAML:1.1:nameid-format:emailAddress
6. Once the fields are completed, click Save at the bottom of the page. Now, the Salesloft app has been saved.

7. Go to the quick search bar. Enter the word Identity Provider. Select Identity Provider nested under Security Controls.

8. Click the Enable Identity Provider button. 
 
9. In the Quick Find/Search bar on the left side, enter the word app. Select Connected Apps.

10. From the Connected Apps page, locate the Salesloft app you've just created, and select it.

11. Scroll down to the SAML Login Information section and copy the IdP-Initiated Login URL.

12. Click the Edit Policies button at the top of the page. Paste the URL you just copied into the Start URL field.

13. Click Save.

14. Scroll to the bottom of the screen and find the Profiles. Click the Manage Profiles button.

15. Select profiles for any types of users in Salesforce who will need SSO access in Salesloft. Click Save.
 
16. Copy the entire URL in the Start URL field (you may need to "edit policies" to get to a longer URL).

17. Go to the Apps page (Search for "Apps" in the quick find or return to Build>Create>Apps).

18. Under Connected Apps, click the Salesloft app listed.

19. Confirm that the Start URL is present in the Web Apps section. If it is not, click the edit button and then paste in the URL you just copied.

20. Delete any text in the Issuer field.

21. From the Connected Apps section, select the Salesloft app. Scroll to the SAML Login Information section and click the Download Metadata button. 
 
22. Go back into the Salesloft Single-Sign On Settings page, and follow the instructions to Enable Single-Sign On.
Last Modified By
Raequel Sank, 9/28/2021 8:28 PM
Title
Single Sign-On: Salesforce IDP Instructions
URL Name
Single-Sign-On-Salesforce-IDP-Instructions
Salesloft Knowledge
Admin Guides
Single Sign-On
Trending Articles
Salesloft Chrome Extension Overview (Early Access)
Salesloft Email Deliverability Best Practices
Imports from Salesforce
How to Reduce Background Noise
Download the Salesloft Chrome Extension
Contact Support