ANALYTICS + REPORTING
Process Standard Report

Sep 19, 2021•Knowledge
Package Availability
Indicates which SalesLoft package(s) include the feature referenced in this knowledge article.
Content
The Process report shows how well team members are executing Cadence steps and adhering to processes. 

In this article, you will learn about the Process Report, including:
Access the Process Report
Add Filter Options
Process Report Metrics
Sort the Process Report
Access the Process Report
Access the Process report from one of the following methods:
The Cadence Process Panel: Click the View Report link in the upper right corner of the panel. 
The Process Standard View from your Reports Tab: Select the Standard Process View link found in the Process Section of the Reports Tab. You will be redirected to the Process Report.
When you access the report, you will see the name of the report you have accessed and a breadcrumb trail in the upper left corner. This can take you back to Your Analytics Overview by clicking Analytics. 
Add Filter Options
The Process Report data can be adjusted by using Analytics Filters. When you change any of these filters, you can save the page view to Create Custom Reports.

Outside of the standard filter options, you can add additional filters to your report. The Process Report's additional filters include: 
People Added
Completed Steps
% Skipped Steps
% Overdue Steps
 
Process Report Metrics
The first row of the report contains the total metrics based on your filter settings.

Each process metric is visible in its own column. Since there are so many available column metrics, some column options are "hidden" by default. You can customize the columns to edit which columns are visible.

The columns include: 
 
Column Name
	
Definition
	
Column Default

User	The Salesloft team member.	Visible
People Added	Number of People the team member adds to their Cadences each day.	Visible
Avg. People Added Per Day	 	Visible
Completed Steps	Number of Cadence steps the team member has completed.	Visible
On-Time Steps	The number of steps that have been finished on or before the due date.	Visible
Skipped Steps	How often the filtered team members are skipping steps of their Cadence process.	Visible
Overdue Steps	The total overdue steps in Cadence. A step is counted as overdue after the step is marked completed. 	Visible
Calls Skipped	Number of Call steps that have been skipped.	Hidden
Calls Overdue	Number of Call steps that are overdue.	Hidden
Calls On Time	Number of Call steps that have been run on-time.	Hidden
Emails Completed	Total number of Email steps completed. 	Hidden
Emails Skipped	Number of Email steps that have been skipped.	Hidden
Emails On Time	Number of Email steps that have been run on-time.	Hidden
Emails Overdue	Number of Email steps that are overdue.	Hidden
% On-Time Steps	How often the team member executed their step actions on or prior to the due date.	Visible
% Skipped Steps	The number of steps skipped divided by the total number of steps.	Visible
% Overdue Steps	 Percentage of overdue steps divided by the total step count. 	Visible
% Skipped Integration Steps	Rate of integrations skipped over the total integrations steps.	Hidden
% Overdue Integration Steps	Rate of integration steps that are overdue divided by the total number of integrations steps.	Hidden
% Skipped Other Steps	Rate of other steps that are skipped divided by the total number of other steps	Hidden
% Overdue Other Steps	Rate of other steps that are overdue divided by the total number of other steps.	Hidden
% On-Time Other Steps	Rate of other steps that are run on-time divided by the total number of other steps.	Hidden
% Calls Skipped	Rate of call steps that are skipped divided by the total number of call steps.	Hidden
% Emails On-Time	Rate of email steps that are run on-time divided by the total number of email steps	Hidden
% Emails Overdue	Rate of email steps that are overdue divided by the total number of email steps.	Hidden
Other Steps	These are the completed other steps. If users don't have LinkedIn Sales Navigator, this can often represent their LinkedIn steps.	Visible
Avg. Other Steps Per Day	The total number of other steps divided by the number of days selected. 	Visible
Integration Steps	These are the total completed integration steps across all integrations, such as LinkedIn, Sendoso, etc.	Visible
LinkedIn Completed Steps	The total completed LinkedIn steps.	Visible
LinkedIn Research	The completed LinkedIn steps that are research.	Visible
LinkedIn Introductions	The completed LinkedIn steps that are introductions.	Visible
LinkedIn Connections	The completed LinkedIn steps that are connections.	Visible
LinkedIn InMail	The completed LinkedIn steps that are InMail.	Visible
Skipped Integration Steps	Number of Integration steps that have been skipped.	Hidden
Overdue Integration Steps	Number of Integration steps that are overdue.	Hidden
On-Time Integration Steps	Number of Integration steps that have been run on-time.	Hidden
Skipped Other Steps	Number of Other steps that have been skipped.	Hidden
Overdue Other Steps	Number of Other steps that are overdue.	Hidden
On-Time Other Steps	Number of Other steps that have been completed on-time.	Hidden
Sort the Process Report
Each column header can also be used to sort the list. To sort the Process report to fit your preference, follow these steps:
Select the appropriate column header. The header name will turn blue.
Use the arrow to the right of the header name to set the sorting direction. The arrow will point up or down (ascending or descending order) to reflect the order of the list. 
Last Modified By
Stephanie Griffith, 9/19/2021 6:13 PM
Title
Process Standard Report
URL Name
Process-Standard-Report
Salesloft Knowledge
Analytics Reports
Analytics + Reporting
Trending Articles
Salesloft Chrome Extension Overview (Early Access)
Salesloft Email Deliverability Best Practices
Imports from Salesforce
How to Reduce Background Noise
Download the Salesloft Chrome Extension
Contact Support