DEALS
Deals Analytics Overview: Projection Tile

Aug 1, 2023•Knowledge
Package Availability
Indicates which SalesLoft package(s) include the feature referenced in this knowledge article.
Content

The Projection Tile gives you a look into what Opportunities you are projected to close in the given goal period. This tile highlights your Projected Difference. The Projected Difference is the calculation that shows the Projected Amount minus the Goal amount.

 

In this article, you will learn about the information provided within the Projection Tile, including:

Inside the Projection Tile
Projection Tile Metrics
Projection Tile Variations

 

Inside the Projection Tile

The chart offers insight into how you have been trending toward your overall goal throughout the goal period. If data points are above the line, you're projected to exceed your goal. If the data points are below the line, you are not projected to meet your goal.

 

Hover over the chart to learn the trend data. This will specify the date, projection, and projected difference.

 

 
Projection Tile Metrics

Let's walk through the different parts of the Projection Tile and explain what they mean: 
 

Object	Definition
Tile Name	Projection Tile
Projection Number	This is the projection of what a rep won will close in the given goal period.
Projected Trend Difference	This is a historical trend of their projection.
Project Difference	This is the difference between their goal and the projection.
Goal	This is the goal set for the rep by the admin.

 

Projection Tile Variations

The visible information is directly related to how your Goal Management admin settings. The variations are as follows: 

 

Quarterly Goal Period	


Monthly Goal Period	


Annual Goal Period	


No Goal Set	

 
 
 
Last Modified By
Briana Morgan, 8/1/2023 6:34 PM
Title
Deals Analytics Overview: Projection Tile
URL Name
Projection-Tile
Deals
Salesloft Knowledge
Deals Analytics
Trending Articles
Salesloft Chrome Extension Overview (Early Access)
Salesloft Email Deliverability Best Practices
Imports from Salesforce
How to Reduce Background Noise
Download the Salesloft Chrome Extension
Contact Support