DEALS
Deals Analytics Conversion Rate Chart

Dec 21, 2023•Knowledge
Package Availability
Indicates which SalesLoft package(s) include the feature referenced in this knowledge article.
Content

From your Deals Analytics you can see the Conversion Rate Chart. This chart shows what percentage of deals are going from discovery-to-demo and from demo-to-close stages. When you look into this data, you can highlight coaching opportunities for reps who may fall below the typical average conversion rate or celebrate those who are reaching their goals.

To access the Conversion Rate Chart, go to the Deals Product Tab in the top navigation. Then, select the Analytics tab. Inside the Deals Analytics section, you will select the Conversion Rate tab. 


Things to Note: In order to view the Deals Analytics Conversion Rate Chart, you must have the View Deals Analytics permission enabled for your role. This permission is enabled for Salesloft admins by default.

In this article, you will learn about the components of the Deals Analytics Conversion Rate Chart, including: 

Conversion Rate Filters
Conversation Rate Chart
Conversion Rate Table
Conversion Rate Filters

The Conversion Rate filters allow you to select the data sets you want to view. The available filters include: 

Closed Date Filter
Owner Filter
Record Type Filter

Let's explore each filter. 

Closed Date Filter

The Closed Date filter will filter on the actual date the Opportunity was closed. Below are the options for the filter:

The Month
This Calendar Quarter
This Fiscal Quarter
This Calendar Year
This Fiscal Year
Last Month
Last Calendar Quarter
Last Fiscal Quarter
Last Calendar Year
Last Fiscal Year
Custom Date Picker

 

 
Owner Filter

The Owner filter lets you filter based on the Opportunity owner. This filter also offers a multi-select option with Owners associated to groups.

User the dropdown to select to view All Users, Owners in Specific Groups, or multiple groups.
 

 
Record Type Filter

The Record Type filter lets you filter based on the type of record Opportunities may be labeled. This filter will show the stages and data associated with that given record type.
 

Conversation Rate Chart

Directly below your Analytics filters, you will see the chart for conversion rates. This chart shows conversion rates from stage-to-stage, meaning how many deals went from stage A → B → C and so on.

In the Conversation Rate Chart, you will see the following details:

Y-Axis: The Opportunity Count
X-Axis: Stages for the Record type that is selected
Legend: The different values that are displayed on the chart. Each value will be represented by a different color in the chart. The values include: 
Lost in This Stage (red)
Converted to Next Stage (blue)
Closed Won (green)
Totals the amount of Opportunities: Number above each bar
Between each column, there will be a gray overlay that displays the conversion rate from stage to stage

 

 
Hover States

For each section of data, hover over the section to see the number of deals and the value of said deals (amount).
 

Conversion Rate Chart Drill Down

Click on a specific data point on the chart to generate a modal that includes the list of Opportunities that were referenced in the hover display.

This list will show the following details:

Name of the Opportunity
Close date
Amount
Time in stage
Number of gaps associated with the deal


From the modal, you can click to view any of the individual Opportunities in the list. This will take you to the Deal view of the opportunity that was selected in the modal. Here, you can make field updates and changes on the Opportunity all from within the modal. 

 
Conversion Rate Table

Below the chart, you will see a table that shows all of the reps and their individual conversion rate data. This is the Conversion Rate Table. 

The first row of the table shows the column header. Each column header may be used to sort the list. Below the column headers, you will see the Total row that shows the sum of all data per column in the table. 
 


The table is split into columns for each of the stages represented in the chart from above.

Each stage (except for Closed Won Stage) has a Count and Conversion Percentage. The Count is the number of Opportunities while the Conversion % is the percentage converted Opportunities. 

The Closed Won Stage is a little unique. Instead of the Conversion %, the Closed Won Stage shows the Win % as the second column. This compares the number of deals to the number in the very first column. So essentially you had 25 closed one deals compared to the 100 deals that entered the sales cycle which would be a 25% win percentage.

The table also has markers, or icons, that define certain thresholds. These will display on users conversion rates that are lower than the team average. The possible thresholds include:

Green Threshold	This will display next to the user who has the highest conversion rate in each column.	
Yellow Threshold	The yellow icon are for those conversion rates that are more than 1 standard deviation* away from the average.	
Red Threshold	The red is when someones conversion rate is more than 2 standard deviations* or more away from the average.	

* The standard deviations will be specific to the customer's data based on how the average conversion rate percentages are distributed.

Conversion Rate Table Drill Down

By selecting any of the rep's names in the table, you will be directed to the Deals Summary Dashboard for that particular rep. 

Things to Note: You must have Deals Summary for Frontline Managers view enabled to see the Deals Summary page of any user besides yourself. 

 
Last Modified By
Stephanie Griffith, 12/21/2023 3:31 PM
Title
Deals Analytics Conversion Rate Chart
URL Name
Deals-Analytics-Conversion-Rate-Chart
Deals
Salesloft Knowledge
Deals Admins
Trending Articles
Salesloft Chrome Extension Overview (Early Access)
Salesloft Email Deliverability Best Practices
Imports from Salesforce
How to Reduce Background Noise
Download the Salesloft Chrome Extension
Contact Support