CONVERSATIONS
Upload a Recording in Conversations

Nov 29, 2023•Knowledge
Package Availability
Indicates which SalesLoft package(s) include the feature referenced in this knowledge article.
Content

Conversations recordings are recorded calls and video conferences. There are a number of ways to capture recordings in Conversations; one of these being manually uploading your recordings. 

 

Things to Note: Due to the nature of an uploaded file, active speaker detection (ASD) and percent talk time for speakers are unavailable.

 

In this article, you will learn how to upload a recording in Conversations, including:

Criteria for Uploading a Recording
Upload a Recording
Criteria for Uploading a Recording

In order for a recording to be uploaded to Conversations, the recording file must meet certain criteria. 

 

To upload a recording in Conversations, the recording file must be:

 

One of the following formats:
Audio Files: mp3, wav, ogg, m4a
Video Files: mp4, m4v, mov
No larger than 3gb
At least 60 seconds in length
Upload a Recording

To upload a recording, navigate to the Conversations page then follow these steps:

 

Go to the Conversations product tab.
Click Upload a Recording in the upper right corner. The Upload a Recording window will appear.
From the Upload a Recording window, add the following meeting details:
Meeting Title
Meeting Organizer (Click the dropdown arrow to find and select a name.)
Meeting Date
Once you've added the meeting details, add your recording file by:
Drag and drop the recording file into the Drag and Drop box
Click the Drag and Drop box to select a file saved on your computer.
(Optional): Link the recording to an Account. If the Account is associated with an Opportunity, that Opportunity will also be linked to the recording. 
Click Upload.

Once your recording is uploaded, you will see it listed under the Recordings tab. 

Last Modified By
Raequel Sank, 11/29/2023 4:03 PM
Title
Upload a Recording in Conversations
URL Name
Upload-a-Recording-in-Conversations
Conversations
Conversations Essentials
Salesloft Knowledge
Conversations Recordings
Trending Articles
Salesloft Chrome Extension Overview (Early Access)
Salesloft Email Deliverability Best Practices
Imports from Salesforce
How to Reduce Background Noise
Download the Salesloft Chrome Extension
Contact Support