ANALYTICS + REPORTING
Analytics Overview: Cadence Process Panel

Jan 6, 2023•Knowledge
Package Availability
Indicates which SalesLoft package(s) include the feature referenced in this knowledge article.
Content
The Cadence Process panel provides a quick insight into the Cadence steps and People added based on your Analytics Filters. 

The panel looks at the total completed steps, the total skipped steps, overdue steps, and new People added to Cadences. 

Taking these details into consideration, the panel aims to answer the following questions: 
Are we growing our activities and efforts within Cadences?
Are we adhering to Cadence design?
Are we executing Cadences as planned?
Are we adding enough People to our sales funnel?
In this article, you will learn about the Cadence Process panel, including:
The Cadence Process Panel
Cadence Process Metrics and Calculations
Panel Drill Down: Process Standard Report
The Cadence Process Panel
The Cadence Process panel contains the following details from the top of the panel working our way down:
Panel Name: Cadence Process
View Report: (Drill down to more details) Takes you to the Process Standard Report.  
Primary Metric: Total Completed Steps
Primary Metric Chart: Below the Total Completed Steps, the chart shows the visual representation of the primary metric. 
Secondary Metric: Average Cadence Process Results
Skipped Steps %
Overdue Steps %
On-Time Steps %
People Added
Period Comparison based on date selection: To the right of the metrics, you will see a small percentage in either green or red. This will show how your numbers have increased or decreased over time. 
 
Cadence Process Metrics and Calculations
Each panel contains primary and secondary metrics. These metrics are calculated in different ways. Check out the Analytics Metrics List for a complete list of metrics. 

The Cadence Process panel includes the following metrics based on the associated calculations. 
 
Metrics
	
Description
	
Calculations

Total Completed Steps	This is different from total activities as this only includes steps or activities completed in a Cadence.	
Sum (completed steps)
Skipped Steps	If a Person has multiple skipped steps in a Cadence, each step is counted.	
Sum (skipped steps)
Overdue Steps	A step is counted as overdue if date the step is marked as complete is after the original due date.	
Sum (overdue steps)


New People Added

	 	
Sum (new People added)
 
Panel Drill Down: Process Standard Report
This panel drills down into the Process Standard Report, where you can see all the other steps completed.
 
Last Modified By
Briana Morgan, 1/6/2023 8:49 PM
Title
Analytics Overview: Cadence Process Panel
URL Name
Cadence-Process-Panel
Salesloft Knowledge
Analytics + Reporting
Analytics Overview Panels
Trending Articles
Salesloft Chrome Extension Overview (Early Access)
Salesloft Email Deliverability Best Practices
Imports from Salesforce
How to Reduce Background Noise
Download the Salesloft Chrome Extension
Contact Support