CADENCES + TASKS
Add a Phone Step

Apr 25, 2023•Knowledge
Package Availability
Indicates which SalesLoft package(s) include the feature referenced in this knowledge article.
Content
Phone steps in your Cadences aim to engage a Person by calling them and having a conversation. While you can have one-off reminders to follow up with a contact, a Cadence workflow allows you to systematically schedule phone steps to increase your chances of a call connection. 

In this article, you will learn about adding phone steps to a Cadence, including: 
Add a Phone Step
Phone Step Best Practices
Phone Step Details on the Cadence Overview Page
Add a Phone Step
To add a phone step to your Cadence, follow these steps:
Create a Cadence.
From your Cadence’s overview page, add a Cadence step. 
In the Create Step box, select the phone icon.
Enter the Day you would like the step to run.
Hit Next.
Give your phone step a name to let you know what the purpose of this call will be. Common examples include “Intro Call” or “Follow up with a Voicemail.”
Add any instructions you think are necessary. Instructions can include a script you may use or bullet points of the points you’d like to make during the call.
Click Add & Create Another to continue adding steps to your Cadence or Add Step to add the step and close the add step window.
 
Phone Step Best Practices
There are a lot of unique pieces within a Cadence, like the number of phone steps you use, the tone of your call script, or even what you deem a success. That being said, there are certain tactics that we at Salesloft have seen consistent enough success with that you can put in place while creating your Cadences.  

For phone steps, we recommend testing the following Cadence practices: 
Multi-Touch Cadences with Phone and Email
Take advantage of Multi-Touch Cadence steps to increase the chances of your email getting opened. Hopefully, you’re able to connect outright, but the combination gives you a greater chance of engagement overall.

Here are a couple specific examples you can put into place: 
Add a phone step immediately before an email step. When you run the step, plan to leave a voicemail letting them know you’ll follow up via email.
Add an email step then have a phone step due immediately after. You can use the phone call and leave a voicemail to refer back to the email you just sent. 
Phone Step Details on the Cadence Overview Page
Once the step is added, you will see it on the Cadence Overview page as its own Cadence Step details panel. 
 
The Phone step includes the following details: 
Phone Step Name: Designated name of the phone step. Common examples include, “Intro Call,” “Follow up Call,” “Call + Voicemail.”
Instructions: Written out instructions on what should take place on your calls.
Calls Made: the Total number of calls made while running this Cadence step.
 
 
Last Modified By
Stephanie Griffith, 4/25/2023 8:27 PM
Title
Add a Phone Step
URL Name
Add-a-Phone-Step
Salesloft Knowledge
Cadences + Tasks
Create A Cadence
Trending Articles
Salesloft Chrome Extension Overview (Early Access)
Salesloft Email Deliverability Best Practices
Imports from Salesforce
How to Reduce Background Noise
Download the Salesloft Chrome Extension
Contact Support