DEALS
Deals Troubleshooting

Apr 22, 2021•Knowledge
Package Availability
Indicates which SalesLoft package(s) include the feature referenced in this knowledge article.
Content
Deals (formerly Costello) syncs data with Salesforce. Due to the nature of these syncs, errors may occur when you attempt to transfer information. 

Most errors are a result of validation rules in Salesforce and can be quickly fixed once you see what is actually causing the error.

In this article, we will address the most common error messages you may run into with Deals and possible fixes, including: 
Insufficient Access Rights
Validation Rules
TotalRequests Limit Exceeded
Don't see your error message? For additional Salesforce error messages, check out our Salesforce Troubleshooting Guide. 
Insufficient Access Rights
This error means that you likely do not own the object you're trying to update in Salesforce. You must update the owner before you can make changes.
Validation Rules
Validation rules verify that the data entered in a record meets the specific Salesforce standards before the record can be saved. If the data does not meet those standards, you may run into a validation rule error. 

For example, if you forget to fill a mandatory field in a description, a validation rule error may occur. 

Since validation rule errors depend on your team's Salesforce instance, we recommend you check the error message for further instructions. The error message will include what data point is causing the validation rule error. 
TotalRequests Limit Exceeded
This error is related to your Salesforce's API usage limits. Your instance limits are shared among all of the apps you have connected to Salesforce. No updates can be made in Costello if you don't have API calls available.

Sometimes just waiting a few hours can free up your API limits since Salesforce measures API calls on a trailing-24-hour-window basis.

If you get this error, try the following solutions: 
Check if another system is heavily using it.
Increase your credits by adding more Salesforce users (each user gets another amount of API calls per day) or buying more API credits.
Last Modified By
Stephanie Griffith, 4/22/2021 1:31 PM
Title
Deals Troubleshooting
URL Name
Deals-Troubleshooting
Deals
Salesloft Knowledge
Deals Overview
Trending Articles
Salesloft Chrome Extension Overview (Early Access)
Salesloft Email Deliverability Best Practices
Imports from Salesforce
How to Reduce Background Noise
Download the Salesloft Chrome Extension
Contact Support