USER GUIDES
SALESLOFT CONNECT
CONNECT FOR OUTLOOK
Salesloft Connect Side Panel - Office 365 Online

Dec 14, 2021•Knowledge
Package Availability
Indicates which SalesLoft package(s) include the feature referenced in this knowledge article.
Content
Salesloft Connect for Outlook - Office 365 Online puts the power of Salesloft into your Outlook window, meaning you can view Salesloft Person info, manage Cadences, keep up with reminders, and send Salesloft templated emails all from your Outlook application.

That’s a whole lot of functionality inside of one tool. So let’s walk through the different features available with Connect for Outlook in your Office 365 instance.
Open the Side Panel - Office 365 Online
Pin the Connect Side Panel - Office 365 Online
Add a Person from the Side Panel - Office 365 Online
Inside the Side Panel Person Profile View  - Office 365 Online
Edit a Person's Profile Information in Outlook - Office 365 Online
CRM Record Selection - Office 365 Online
Reminders in Connect for Outlook - Office 365 Online
Open the Side Panel - Office 365 Online
To view Salesloft information and take actions like make status updates or insert templates, you need to open the side panel in Outlook.

To open the side panel, follow these steps:

1. Select the ellipses icon (...) to open the More Actions menu. When you select the ellipses, menu options will appear. The location of the menu will be different for the following: 
While viewing an email reply: The ellipses will be above the email message. You can hover over the ellipses to see More Actions. 
While drafting an email: The ellipses will be below the draft email window on the same line as a the Send button.
2. Find and hover over Salesloft Connect. A sub menu will appear. 

3. In the sub menu, select Open Salesloft. This will open the side panel to the Person profile view. 
 
 

When you open the side panell, you will see the following in the side panel: 
Person Profile view 
Things to Note: When drafting an email you must have a recipient in the To column for Person information to appear. 
The email address must be a Person in Salesloft to see Person information. If they are not a Person in Salesloft, you will see the option to Add the Person to Salesloft. 
Insert: Allows you to include Salesloft templates, snippets, or meeting availability into your email. 
Additional Options: Where you can log out of Connect for Salesloft. 
Pin the Connect Side Panel - Office 365 Online
There are two options to keep the Connect Side Panel and the Person Profile up-to-date.

First, you can click the "Open Salesloft" button each time you open a message within your inbox. This refreshes the side panel to view the current Person's information. 

Second, you can pin the Salesloft Connect side panel in Outlook. By pinning the side panel, you ensure it always stays opened in your inbox, saving you the steps of re-opening the panel, and you can easily access important data. 

Things to Note:
You can only pin the side panel in Read mode.
You cannot pin the side panel when composing or drafting a new email.
This update is only available for Office 365 subscribers using Outlook 2016 or later on Windows, Outlook 2016 or later on Mac, or Outlook on the web.
To pin the side panel, open the Salesloft Connect side panel and click the pin icon in the upper right corner. After the panel has been pinned, you can click it again to unpin the panel. Unpinning the panel will close the panel when you move onto a new email message. 
Add a Person from the Side Panel - Office 365 Online
In order to experience the benefits of Salesloft in your Outlook, the Person must be added to Salesloft’s database (or else we have no data to work with). If the Person is not in Salesloft, you can quickly add them directly from Outlook.

Follow these steps:
Select the Person’s email.
The Salesloft panel will display This Person was not found in Salesloft.
Click the button Add to Salesloft.
Enter the Person’s information and click Add.  
 
 

Once the Person has been added to Salesloft, you can view Person information and you can add the Person to a Cadence from the Person Panel in Connect for Outlook.

When you click the Add to Cadence button you can see separate lists of Personal and Team Cadences, search for Cadences, view Cadence steps, assign Cadences to other reps, and even add prospects to a specific step directly from Connect for Outlook.

To add a Person to a Cadence from Connect for Outlook, follow these steps: 
Open the side panel in Connect for Outlook to the Person tab. 
Go to the Cadences tab inside the Person profile view.
Click Add to Cadence. 
Select either My Cadences or Team Cadences. 
(Optional) Search for the Cadence by name. 
Select a Cadence or find the Cadence and click Show Steps. Select the step where you would like the Person to begin the Cadence. 
Click Add to Cadence near the bottom of the panel. 
 
Assign a Person to another Salesloft user's Team Cadence
If you would like to hand a Person off to another team member, you can assign the Person to another teammate's Cadence. 

Things to Note: Assigning only applies to Team Cadences. 

To assign a Person to another teammate's Cadence, follow these steps: 
Open the Person Panel in Connect for Outlook. 
Go to the Cadences tab.
Click Add to Cadence. 
Team Cadences. 
Search and/or select the Team Cadence you want to use. 
Under Assign to, click the drop-down menu. Scroll and select the teammate you wish to assign the Person to. 
Click Add to Cadence near the bottom of the panel. 
 
Person Profile View in Salesloft Connect for Outlook - Office 365 Online
Salesloft Connect allows you to view a Person’s Salesloft profile from your inbox. The Person Profile view gives you a snapshot of Salesloft information. This way you don’t need to bounce back and forth between your email and the Salesloft platform.

You can view the Salesloft profile of the corresponding Person you’re emailing by clicking the Salesloft icon in the email toolbar, then opening Salesloft.

The Person Profile view provides the following:
Person’s Name
Person’s Role
Person’s Account
Company URL
Person Stats: Up-to-date metrics on your team’s engagement with this Person.
 
The Person Profile is then split into tabs where you can update details and view previously completed actions. Let’s walk through each tab: 
Person Profile Contact Info Tab in Outlook - Office 365 Online
Below the Person’s profile information there are multiple tabs to view. The first is the Contact tab. The Contact tab shows the Person’s contact information.

Things to Note: Contact information pulls from the completed fields of the Person’s Salesloft profile.

In addition to viewing the contact info, you can take the following actions:
Click available email addresses to send an email.
Add Tags: Tags are labels or folders that you can use to organize groups of People in Salesloft. To add a tag, type the name of the tag in the text box and hit your enter key.
Update the Cadence Stage: The Cadence stage keeps you up-to-date with where the Person is in the sales cycle. To update a Person’s stage, select the Cadence Stage dropdown menu and pick the stage you want.
Person Profile Cadences Tab in Outlook - Office 365 Online
The Cadences tab displays information about Cadences a Person is on as well as their Cadence history.

In addition to viewing the Person’s Cadence history, you can also add the Person to a Cadence. Select the blue Add to Cadence button. Search from My Cadences or Team Cadences in the Add to Cadence popup window. Select the Cadence you want.
 
Person Profile Activity Tab in Outlook - Office 365 Online
The Activity tab shows all of the email, call, and Cadence activity for this Person. This is a quick way to recap all previous interactions between you and the Person or between the Person and any other Salesloft user on your team.

To view the previous activities, click the Activity tab.
 
 
Person Profile Notes Tab in Outlook - Office 365 Online
The Notes tab does exactly what the name says. It allows you to log notes on the Person’s record in Salesloft. When you log a note you can quickly reference it from the Notes tab, or view it under Recent Activity. Notes even log into your Salesforce activity history with the subject line “note” for seamless logging and clarity across the platforms.

Click the Notes tab to view and add notes for this Person.
Edit a Person's Profile Information in Outlook - Office 365 Online
If you receive an email that informs you about a new phone number or updated contact information, you can update that Person’s Salesloft profile directly from Outlook. Follow these instructions to edit profile information:
In the side panel on the Person view, click the Pencil Icon to open the edit options. 
In the Edit Person tab, enter the updated information.
Click Save Person.
CRM Record Selection - Office 365 Online
Logging email activity to alternative records (aka CRM Record Selection) gives you complete control over which Salesforce record an email will be logged to when you send an email from your Outlook.

For more information on this feature, check out our complete explanation in the Salesloft Activity Logging article.

Things to Note: This feature must be enabled by your team admin from the Salesforce Connector Settings. To enable logging to alternative records, reach out to your team admin to enable the feature.

To log email activities to different Salesforce records from Outlook - Office 365 Online, follow these instructions:

1. When you open an email, a grey bar will appear on the Connect side panel. The grey bar indicates which Who (Lead/Contact) and What (Account/Opportunity) record the email will be logged to in Salesforce.
Regarding the Who: the Salesforce Lead or Contact record tied to the Person record in Salesloft will be selected by default.
Things to Note: In the event that there is both a Lead and a Contact in Salesforce with that email address, we select the default Salesforce record (Contact or Lead) based on the "Linking People to Salesforce" selection the team admin has selected in their Salesforce Connector Settings.
Regarding the What: if the Person is tied to a Salesforce Contact and that Contact is related to an open Opportunity in Salesforce, that Opportunity will be selected by default. In the event there are multiple open Opportunities, the most recently modified Opportunity will be selected as the default.
 
2. To change either of these records, click the Edit button. The side panel will navigate to the Edit Log To page.
 
3. To select an alternate Lead or Contact, click the link with the number of matches in the Name field to open the list of all Lead and Contact records in Salesforce tied to the email address.
4. If none of the available options are the records you would like to log to, click the X on the right side of a dropdown to remove the current record. The name field will turn into an input field. Start typing the record you're looking for. Salesloft will search Salesforce for any records that match.
5. To edit the Account or Opportunity information, click the link with the number of matches in the Related To field. This will open the list of all Account and Opportunity records in Salesforce related to the selected Contact. Things to Note: You are not allowed to select the Related To record if a Lead is selected in the Name field. 
6. Once you confirm a Who and/or What record the first time for a Person, Salesloft will remember the record(s) and use them as the defaults, but you will still be able to edit and change which Who and What records you want future emails to that Person to log to subsequently.
Reminders in Connect for Outlook - Office 365 Online
Salesloft Reminders allow you to stay on top of your one-off events and make you sure you never miss a beat.

Within your Outlook, you can view, complete, and add reminders to stay on top of your non-Cadence tasks.
Viewing Reminders
You can view a full list of your Salesloft Reminders in the Connect for Outlook side panel.

To access your list of reminders, select the Salesloft icon. From the dropdown, click View Reminders. The side panel will expand with the Reminders tab on display. Reminders can be filtered by day, week, month, or all, depending on what you would like to see.
Completing Reminders
Completing a reminder is just like checking an item off of your to-do list. Once a reminder has been completed, go to the Reminders tab and select the circle to virtually check off the reminder (so satisfying!).
Adding a New Reminder
Email exchanges can spark certain one-off actions that you need to take. For example, if you receive an out of office reply that a recipient is off because they just had a baby, you may want to remind yourself to send them a congratulatory gift.

You can create this new reminder directly in your Outlook. From the side panel, select the Add Reminder action. Then add a due date to complete the reminder. Hit Save.
 
Last Modified By
Stephanie Griffith, 12/14/2021 7:14 PM
Title
Salesloft Connect Side Panel - Office 365 Online
URL Name
Salesloft-Connect-Side-Panel-Office-365-Online
Salesloft Knowledge
Salesloft Connect
User Guides
Connect For Outlook
Trending Articles
Salesloft Chrome Extension Overview (Early Access)
Salesloft Email Deliverability Best Practices
Imports from Salesforce
How to Reduce Background Noise
Download the Salesloft Chrome Extension
Contact Support