USER GUIDES
SALESLOFT CONNECT
CONNECT FOR GMAIL
Salesloft Connect for Gmail

Dec 8, 2021•Knowledge
Package Availability
Indicates which SalesLoft package(s) include the feature referenced in this knowledge article.
Content
Salesloft’s Connect features let you access and perform Salesloft functions directly from the applications you use the most, like your email or CRM.

Salesloft Connect for Gmail improves your sales process by allowing you to view your prospect’s Salesloft logged data and use Salesloft’s core functionalities directly from Gmail.

In this article, you will learn all of the features available with Salesloft Connect for Gmail, including:
How to Install Connect for Gmail
Reminders in Your Gmail
Salesloft Emails Within Your Gmail
Log Email Activity to Alternative Records
How to Make Calls in Gmail
The Salesloft Connect Side Panel in Gmail
Troubleshooting Salesloft Connect for Gmail
SLU: Salesloft Connect for Gmail (Video)
How to Install Connect for Gmail
Before you can put Connect for Gmail into action, you need to Download the Salesloft Chrome Extension.

After the extension has been installed, refresh your browser. You will see two tabs, Emails and Reminders, across the top of your Gmail inbox. A side panel will also appear on the right side of the browser window.

Welcome to Connect for Gmail!


Reminders in Your Gmail
Salesloft Reminders allow you to stay on top of your one-off events and make sure you never miss a beat. With Connect for Gmail, you can view and complete reminders to stay on top of your non-Cadence tasks. You will find your reminders in a dedicated tab at the top of your inbox. 
Viewing Reminders
View a full list of your Salesloft Reminders in the Reminders tab located above your inbox. The tab is designated by the bell icon.

When you select the tab, you will see your list of reminders, including the Person’s name, the subject of the reminder, and due date. Reminders may be listed out by day or month, or you can view all of your reminders.
 
Completing Reminders
Completing a reminder is just like checking an item off of your to-do list. Once a reminder has been completed, go to the Reminders tab and select the circle to virtually check off the reminder.
Set a Reminder
To set a reminder, follow these steps:
Open the Person Profile View in Gmail in your Gmail.
Click the Reminder icon (bell icon) below the Person's name in the side panel. 
Enter a subject for the reminder (something like, "Reconnect post vacation"). 
Select the Due Date from the calendar menu and add a time. 
Add any notes for the reminder (if applicable). 
Click Create Reminder. 
 
Salesloft Emails Within Your Gmail
Installing the Salesloft Google Chrome Extension allows you to leverage Salesloft email and templates from your Gmail account.

To learn everything about sending Salesloft emails from within the Gmail interface, check out our Send Emails from Gmail article.   
Log Email Activity to Alternative Records  
Logging email activity to alternative records (aka CRM Record Selection) gives you complete control over which Salesforce record an email will be logged to when Lofting an email from Gmail.

To log email activities to different Salesforce records from Gmail, follow these instructions:
Select Compose to open a new email window. Make sure the Lofting toggle is enabled (blue).
Enter the email address.
A grey bar will appear beneath the Subject line of the email compose window. This bar will let you know where in Salesforce the email is going to log.
Thing to Note: In the event that there is both a Lead and a Contact in Salesforce with that email address, we select the default Salesforce record (Contact or Lead) based on the "Linking People to Salesforce" selection the team admin has selected under Salesforce Connector Settings.
There are two options to access the Edit Log To window:
Click the Edit button on the far right of the grey bar.
Select the Log To button on the bottom toolbar.
The Log To pop-up window will populate any Salesforce matches tied to the record. The records will be divided between the following options:
Name: Shows any Lead or Contact records tied to the email address.
Related To: Shows any related Account or Opportunity records tied to the email address. 
Click the X on the right side of each dropdown to remove the current record. Removing the record allows you to search for any Salesforce record to link to. Search and use the dropdown to find the record you're looking for. 
Select the record you want. 
Click Confirm. Salesloft will remember the record(s) and use them as the defaults for future messages to this Person (unless they are edited again).
Send your message by hitting Loft It.  
Make Calls in Gmail
Salesloft’s Chrome extension lets you use the Dialer from wherever you work, including your Gmail. 

To dial with Connect for Gmail, use one of the following options: 
Click the Person's phone number in the side panel Profile information. 
Right-click: Open the Dialer by right-clicking anywhere on the page or select the phone number and right click.
The Salesloft Connect Side Panel in Gmail
The Connect for Gmail Side Panel allows you to view and manage Salesloft data without leaving your Gmail inbox. 

You can access the side panel by clicking the double arrow icon located on the right side of the Salesloft bar that appears when you install Connect for Gmail. The panel will open from the right side of the page. 

The first time you open the side panel, you will see a welcome message inside the panel. Click Get Started to launch the Salesloft Connect Side Panel in Gmail. 
 

The side panel includes three icons in the upper right corner. These icons will take you to different tab views in the panel. The tabs include: 
Person Profile View in Gmail
Live Feed
Tasks in Gmail
Troubleshooting Salesloft Connect for Gmail
If you want the Salesloft Connect extension to show in your Gmail Inbox, the main email address for your Salesloft account must match the one that is connected in the Email settings on Salesloft platform.

To ensure the match, go to your Email settings in Salesloft and see which email address is connected. Then check that the address is selected as the default in the Send mail as section in Gmail settings.

Finally make sure that the same address is selected as your Google Account email in Google account settings.

If you change any of the settings to meet these requirements, reload the Salesloft Connect extension by disabling and immediately enabling it from the chrome://extensions page.
 
SLU: Salesloft Connect for Gmail (Video)
Want to know learn about Salesloft Connect for Gmail, but prefer a video format? Visit Salesloft University to see the Salesloft Connect for Gmail video tutorial. 
 
Last Modified By
Stephanie Griffith, 12/8/2021 2:57 PM
Title
Salesloft Connect for Gmail
URL Name
Salesloft-Connect-for-Gmail
Salesloft Knowledge
Salesloft Connect
User Guides
Connect For Gmail
Trending Articles
Salesloft Chrome Extension Overview (Early Access)
Salesloft Email Deliverability Best Practices
Imports from Salesforce
How to Reduce Background Noise
Download the Salesloft Chrome Extension
Contact Support