DEALS
DEAL MANAGEMENT
Deals To-Dos

Jul 20, 2023•Knowledge
Package Availability
Indicates which SalesLoft package(s) include the feature referenced in this knowledge article.
Content
Deal To-Dos act as your personal task reminder for your Deals. Items added as a To-Do can be checked off once the action is complete helping you keep track of accomplishments. 

In this article, you will learn how to manage To-Dos in Deals, including: 
View Your To-Dos
Add a To-Do from the Pipeline View
Complete a To-Do
Edit a To-Do
View Your To-Dos
You can view your To-Dos from the following locations: 
The Pipeline View: The To-Do column will show To-Dos created for each Deal. 
Things to Note: This column may be hidden. 
The Deal View: The Overview tab contains the To-Dos and your Summary of the Deal. 
 
Add a To-Do from the Pipeline View
To add a To-Do from the Pipeline View, follow these steps: 
Go to the To-Do column of the Pipeline View.
Hover over the cell where you want to add the To-Do. Click the blue plus sign in the bottom right corner of the cell. The To-Do panel will appear out of the right side of the screen. 
In the To-Do panel, add the following: 
Name the To-Do item, then hit the Enter key on your keyboard. 
Select No Due Date to add a due date. A calendar dropdown will appear where you can select a date. 
Opportunity (optional): The To-Do will link to the Deal you selected in the Pipeline View by default. If you would like to select a different Opportunity or Account for the To-Do, type it in the Opportunity field. 
Owner: Sets it to a Salesloft user. You can select the Owner to assign the To-Do to a different user. 
Person: Assigns the To-Do to a Contact.
Additional Details: Any notes or reminders you want to have on the To-Do. 
Delete: Change your mind? You can delete the To-Do from the list.
Things to Note: If you add a To-Do, you must delete it to remove the To-Do, otherwise you will have an unnamed To-Do attached to the Deal. 
Once the To-Do is complete, click outside the edit area within the To-Do side panel. 
Click the arrow in the upper left corner of the To-Do side panel to close the panel and return to the Pipeline View. 
You can also click the + icon in the upper right corner of the To-Do side panel to add a To-Do.
Complete a To-Do
To complete a To-Do, all you need to do is check the box and enjoy the satisfaction of removing an item from your list. 

Completed To-Dos will still appear in the To-Do side panel, under the Closed section. 

Things to Note: You can still edit the To-Do or uncheck it from the Closed list. 
 
Edit a To-Do
To edit a To-Do, follow these steps: 
Click in the To-Do cell to open the To-Do side panel. 
Select the To-Do you wish to edit. 
Make your changes. Click outside of the edit area to save the updates. 
Close the side panel by clicking the arrow in the upper left corner of the To-Do side panel. 
 
Last Modified By
Briana Morgan, 7/20/2023 5:33 PM
Title
Deals To-Dos
URL Name
Deals-To-Dos
Deals
Salesloft Knowledge
Deal Management
Trending Articles
Salesloft Chrome Extension Overview (Early Access)
Salesloft Email Deliverability Best Practices
Imports from Salesforce
How to Reduce Background Noise
Download the Salesloft Chrome Extension
Contact Support