ANALYTICS + REPORTING
Your Analytics Reports Tab

Dec 19, 2022•Knowledge
Package Availability
Indicates which SalesLoft package(s) include the feature referenced in this knowledge article.
Content
The Reports Tab is the home for all of your Salesloft reports.

You can think of the reports tab like your personal report organizer that organizes standard and custom created reports into different sections. Each section has a standard report that can be used as a template for custom reports. 

Within each section you will also see any custom reports. Each section can hold an unlimited number of custom reports. 

In this article, you will learn about using the Analytics Reports Tab, including: 
Reports Sections and Information
How to Use the Reports Tab
Available Sections
Reports Sections and Information
The Reports Tab is made up of different sections. Sections are groups of analytics reports based on different categories. View the available sections below. 

Each report section will include the following details:
Section Name
Section Description: Includes suggestions for Salesloft reports that can be created for this section.
Standard Report View: Link to the Standard Reports. Standard reports contain default filters, no sorting, and all available columns per report. 
Create Custom Reports: You will have the ability to create an unlimited number of custom reports and export these customized results.
 
How to Use the Reports Tab
When you would like to view a report, follow these steps: 
Go to Analytics Page. You will land on the Overview Tab by default.
Click the Reports Tab.
Find the relevant report section.
Click on report name to open the selected report.
 
Available Sections
The Reports Tab currently holds the following sections:
Cadence Reports: Compare cadences by successes, meetings booked, reply rates, on-time steps, avg. personalization and effectiveness score.
Team Cadences by User Reports: Compare team Cadences by successes, meetings booked, reply rates, on-time steps, avg. personalization and effectiveness score.
Team Reports: Compare user performance by total activities, activities per day, lead lifetime, effectiveness score, and personalization.
Accounts Reports: Analyze efforts and results by touches (including calls, emails, and LinkedIn), last touched, successes, and meetings booked.
Email Reports: Analyze personalization, reply rate, open rate, and bounce rate personalization by user, day of week, and hour of day.
Meetings Report: Analyze meetings booked, meetings attended, and no-show meetings by user, account, and date.
Template Reports: Compare personalization, reply rates, and bounce rates by template, user, date, and month.
Call Reports: Analyze calls logged, calls dialed, call duration, and Connected Call rate by user, date, and hour of day.
Call Sentiment Reports: Analyze custom and standard sentiments, including positive sentiments by user, day, and hour of day.
Call Disposition Reports: Analyze custom and standard dispositions, including positive dispositions by user, day, and hour of day.
Process Reports: Compare meetings booked and opportunities created by user, date, week, and month.
To learn more about each report, check out the Analytics Reports section of the Knowledge Base. 
 
 
 
Last Modified By
Briana Morgan, 12/19/2022 9:14 PM
Title
Your Analytics Reports Tab
URL Name
Your-Analytics-Reports-Tab
Salesloft Knowledge
Analytics + Reporting
Analytics Essentials
Trending Articles
Salesloft Chrome Extension Overview (Early Access)
Salesloft Email Deliverability Best Practices
Imports from Salesforce
How to Reduce Background Noise
Download the Salesloft Chrome Extension
Contact Support