Weighted Pipeline

Jul 19, 2023•Knowledge
Package Availability
Indicates which SalesLoft package(s) include the feature referenced in this knowledge article.
Content

As part of Forecast, the Weighted Pipeline tool allows you to measure the expected revenue in your sales pipeline. In a Weighted Pipeline, opportunities with higher likelihoods of closing are assigned higher weights in a Weighted Sales Pipeline report. This presents itself as a rollup metric in our Forecast product to help users Forecast. 
 

 

In this article, you’ll learn all about Weighted Pipeline, including the following:

Who Has Access to Weighted Pipeline
How Weighted Pipeline is Calculated
Weighted Pipeline Rollup Metrics
Who Has Access to Weighted Pipeline

Teams using Salesloft’s Forecast will have access to either Weighted Pipeline or AI Weighted Pipeline Forecast.

The Weighted Pipeline will appear by default and will initially be calculated as a rollup metric.

Your team can request the AI Forecast. When you request the AI Forecast, your teams data will be assessed. If your team qualifies with enough data and a reliable data science model, you would  graduate from the Weighted Pipeline metric to the AI Forecast metric.

How Weighted Pipeline is Calculated

To begin calculating Weighted Sales Pipeline, each stage in a deal is given a percentage that represents its probability of closing. The percentage is then multiplied by the value of the opportunities at each stage.

Then you have your Weighted Sales Pipeline for a given period of time. These weights are pulled directly from Salesforce from the stage-weighted probability on the opportunity.

Weighted Pipeline Rollup Metrics

When Weighted Pipeline is enabled, a new rollup value will display in the Forecast Rollup Metrics list of rollup metrics. This weighted pipeline value can be toggled on or off depending on if a team finds it useful to their forecast process. 

Things to Note: A user cannot delete this metric or edit it, but they can rearrange it.

 

 

 
Last Modified By
Stephanie Griffith, 7/19/2023 4:40 PM
Title
Weighted Pipeline
URL Name
Weighted-Pipeline
Trending Articles
Salesloft Chrome Extension Overview (Early Access)
Salesloft Email Deliverability Best Practices
Imports from Salesforce
How to Reduce Background Noise
Download the Salesloft Chrome Extension
Contact Support