DEALS
Deals Analytics Overview: Two Sentence Summary Tile

Aug 1, 2023•Knowledge
Package Availability
Indicates which SalesLoft package(s) include the feature referenced in this knowledge article.
Content

At the top of the Deals Analytics Overview, the Two Sentence Summary Tile provides an intro summary that lets you know where your sales projections are for a given time period. Specifically, this tile says whether you are on target to hit your quota for a given goal period.

 

At a quick glance, the Two Sentence Summary Tile will help reps and managers understand:

How is the rep performing?
Are they above or below their goal?
What can they do to get back on track?

 

In this article, you will learn about the information provided within the Tile, including:

Inside the Two Sentence Summary Tile
Two Sentence Summary Tile Metrics
Two Sentence Summary Tile Variations

 

Inside the Two Sentence Summary Tile

In the Two Sentence Summary, Salesloft projects how much you are expected to close in a given goal period.

 

The projection, as well as any recommendations, are based on both personal and group average win rate and deal size.




You can hover over the tooltip to view the values along with an explanation of how Saleslofts calculates these values.

 
 
Two Sentence Summary Tile Metrics

Let's walk through each piece of the Two Sentence Summary Tile and what it means:

 
Object	Definition
Tile Name	Two-Sentence Summary
Bold Numbers	Goals, percentages, dollar amounts, and time periods
Hover state	When a user hovers over the tooltip, it explains how the value is calculated.
First Sentence - Projection	Salesloft projects what a rep is expected to close in a given goal period. The projection, as well as any recommendations, are based on both a user's personal and group average win rate and deal size.
Second Sentence - Projected Difference	The monetary gap between the rep's goal and the projection
Goal	The goal set for the rep by the admin

 

Two Sentence Summary Tile Variations

Based on your Goal Management admin settings, these summary sentences could appear in a variety of ways. Below are the different variations for how these sentences may appear:

 

Variation	Images


If a rep is projected under their goal

	 


If a rep is projected over their goal

	


If a rep surpassed their goal

	


 If goal has not been set for the rep.

	


Missing Goal + Insufficient Data for Projecting

	


Insufficient Data for Projecting and Goal Set

	
 
 
Last Modified By
Briana Morgan, 8/1/2023 5:27 PM
Title
Deals Analytics Overview: Two Sentence Summary Tile
URL Name
Two-Sentence-Summary-Tile
Deals
Salesloft Knowledge
Deals Analytics
Trending Articles
Salesloft Chrome Extension Overview (Early Access)
Salesloft Email Deliverability Best Practices
Imports from Salesforce
How to Reduce Background Noise
Download the Salesloft Chrome Extension
Contact Support