CONVERSATIONS
Conversations Webex Integration User Guide

Oct 6, 2022•Knowledge
Package Availability
Indicates which SalesLoft package(s) include the feature referenced in this knowledge article.
Content
Salesloft's Conversations Webex Integration connects to Webex via API to provide a secure and stable recording experience. 

Once you’ve authorized the connection between Salesloft and Webex, Conversation Intelligence will import your Webex recordings into Salesloft.

Your recording notifications and controls will all be managed from the Webex user interface.

In this article, you will learn how to setup and use Conversations Webex Integration as a Salesloft user, including: 
Oauth Webex in Your Personal Settings
Enable Conversation Intelligence Notifications
Rules of Recording for the Webex Integration
During Your Webex Meeting 
Things to Note: ​​​​​​If you used Conversation Intelligence and Webex with the Bot prior to April 2021, check out the How to Switch from the Conversation Intelligence Bot to the Webex API Integration instructions. 
Authorize Webex in Your Personal Settings
In order for your Webex recordings to be brought into Salesloft, you will need to authorize (or oauth) the connection between Webex and Salesloft. 

Once the connection takes place, Salesloft Conversations will capture Webex meetings that have been scheduled on your calendar when recording is enabled in Webex.

To oauth the Webex connection to Salesloft, follow these steps:

1. Navigate to your Personal Settings. 

2. From the Personal Settings options, select Conversations.

3. Scroll to the Webex tile and click Connect. This will direct you to a Webex login page. 

4. Use your Webex credentials to log in to your account. Once logged in, you will be redirected to your Salesloft Profile page. 

5. Once the connection is established, you should see a green checkmark, and Connected as [your email address] in the Webex tile. 
Enable Conversation Intelligence Notifications
Conversation Intelligence notifications inform you about meetings and recordings. When used in line with the Webex Integration, these notifications can help confirm that a meeting is set to record and will be brought into Salesloft. 

You can manage notifications from the Conversation Intelligence Settings under your Personal Settings. You will want to enable the My Upcoming Calls notification. 

If you do not receive a notification for a meeting you have scheduled, check your Scheduled Meetings in Conversations. Then, confirm the meeting is set to record within Webex. 
Rules of Recording for the Webex Integration
The number one rule for the Conversations Webex Integration is that you MUST record your meeting in Webex in order for the meeting to get pulled into Salesloft. 

Talk with your team administration about recording protocol. They may have set automatic recording for your team. Otherwise, you can enable recording while scheduling your meeting. 

To make sure that your meetings will be recorded and picked up by Conversation Intelligence, follow these rules: 
When you send a calendar invite, remember to include the Webex link in the location field or in the description field.
Follow the Conversation Intelligence Meeting Capture Rules.
As long as your meeting is already scheduled on your connected calendar, enabling recording from the Webex app’s video player controls will also capture the meeting in Conversation Intelligence.   
Use the Quick Reference Sheet when hosting a Webex meeting for additional meeting management information.
Pre-Set Automatic Recording: This setting is selected on a per-meeting basis when scheduling the meeting from within Webex. Follow these steps to set up the meeting:
From your Webex Homepage got to Meetings. 
Go to Schedule and select the Show advanced options dropdown. 
In your Scheduling options, check the box for Automatically start recording when the meeting starts. 
Things to Note: You can’t pause or stop recording with this setting.
During Your Webex Meeting
The Conversations Webex Integration includes these features during your meeting: 
When a meeting is being recorded, all participants in the meeting are able to see on the screen that it is being recorded. 
Pause and Resume Recordings: When using the Webex app’s video player controls, you can pause or resume recording if you are recording manually.
Things to Note: 
If meeting is “scheduled” from Webex and automatic recording is enabled, user can’t pause or stop recording.
If meeting is saved as a template via being scheduled from Webex and automatic recording is enabled, user can’t pause or stop recording.
Live Notes during the Meeting: Any notes taken during the meeting will display in the Extra Notes tab
Things to Note:. The timestamps for notes will not appear next to those notes automatically, unless they are added after the recording has processed.
 
Last Modified By
Raequel Sank, 10/6/2022 6:58 PM
Title
Conversations Webex Integration User Guide
URL Name
Conversations-Webex-Integration-User-Guide
Conversations
Salesloft Knowledge
Conversations Integrations
Conversations Webex Integration
Trending Articles
Salesloft Chrome Extension Overview (Early Access)
Salesloft Email Deliverability Best Practices
Imports from Salesforce
How to Reduce Background Noise
Download the Salesloft Chrome Extension
Contact Support