DEALS
Pipeline Dashboard Actions

Sep 20, 2021•Knowledge
Package Availability
Indicates which SalesLoft package(s) include the feature referenced in this knowledge article.
Content
Each Dashboard offers actions that add to or provide additional management of the Dashboard. To access these actions, select the three vertical dots to the left of the Dashboard title. 

Things to Note: You may also open the Dashboard Actions menu from the Personal Dashboard and edit any of the visible Dashboards. 

In this article, we will walkthrough of each Dashboard Action, including: 
Rename the Dashboard
Edit Dashboard Sharing
Duplicate a Dashboard
Delete a Dashboard
Rename the Dashboard
If you decide the name of your dashboard doesn’t quite fit the use case, you can edit the dashboard in order to rename it.

To edit the title of a Dashboard, follow these steps: 
Select the three vertical dots to the right of the Dashboard Title. The Dashboard Actions menu will appear. 
Click Rename. This will open the Dashboard Settings within the Personal Dashboard menu.
In the Title line, edit the name. 
Click Save Dashboard Settings. The Dashboard will refresh with the new title. 
 
 
Edit Dashboard Sharing
If you have created a Dashboard that may benefit one of more of your team members, you can edit the Sharing Settings to share the Dashboard with that user.

Things to Note: Team members are based on Salesforce users associated with your team's Salesforce instance. 

To edit the Sharing Settings of a Dashboard, follow these steps: 
Select the three vertical dots to the right of the Dashboard Title. The Dashboard Actions menu will appear. 
Click Edit Sharing. This will open the Personal Dashboard menu to the Share with Team Setting.
Enter a team member's name or click Everyone to share with your whole team. 
Click Save Dashboard Settings. An icon signifying that the Dashboard has been shared will appear to the right of the Dashboard title. 
 
 
 
Duplicate a Dashboard
If you would like to copy an existing Dashboard (like a Team Dashboard), so you can use it as the foundation of a Personal Dashboard, you may copy the Dashboard to your Personal Dashboards by duplicating it. 

To duplicate a Dashboard, follow these steps: 
Select the three vertical dots to the right of the Dashboard Title. The Dashboard Actions menu will appear. 
Click Duplicate. This will open the Personal Dashboard edit options.
In the Dashboard Title, the existing name of the Dashboard will be entered followed by "(Copy)". In the Title line, edit the name if you wish.
Click Add New Dashboard. The Dashboard will be added to your Personal Dashboards list. 
 
Delete a Dashboard
To remove a Dashboard entirely, delete it by following these steps: 
Select the three vertical dots to the right of the Dashboard Title. The Dashboard Actions menu will appear. 
Click Delete. A message will pop up to confirm you wish to delete. 
Click Yes, Continue to delete the Dashboard. Or click Cancel if you change your mind.
Once deleted, the Dashboard will be removed from your Personal Dashboards. 
 
 
Last Modified By
Stephanie Griffith, 9/20/2021 1:33 AM
Title
Pipeline Dashboard Actions
URL Name
Dashboard-Actions
Deals
Salesloft Knowledge
Pipeline Management
Trending Articles
Salesloft Chrome Extension Overview (Early Access)
Salesloft Email Deliverability Best Practices
Imports from Salesforce
How to Reduce Background Noise
Download the Salesloft Chrome Extension
Contact Support