ADMIN GUIDES
Manage Dispositions and Sentiments

Oct 27, 2023•Knowledge
Package Availability
Indicates which SalesLoft package(s) include the feature referenced in this knowledge article.
Content

There are two important things you want to know when a call is logged: (1) what happened during the call and (2) the outcome of the conversation. Salesloft uses the Disposition and Sentiment fields to specify that exact information.

Most of your team-wide Disposition and Sentiment management will take place in the Dispositions & Sentiments tab located under the Communications section of your Admin Settings. 

In this article, you will learn how to set and manage your team's call Disposition and Sentiments, including

Permission Settings for Disposition and Sentiments
Require Dispositions and Sentiments to be Logged
Standard Dispositions and Sentiments
Add a New Disposition or Sentiment
Delete a Disposition or Sentiment
SLU: Team Communication: Dispositions and Sentiments Settings (Video)

 

Permission Settings for Disposition and Sentiments

All teams start with the standard Dispositions and Sentiments. Roles with the Dispositions & Sentiments permission can edit or create Dispositions and Sentiments. 

The Salesloft admin role has the Disposition and Sentiments permission enabled by default. 

Require Dispositions and Sentiments to Be Logged

Dispositions and Sentiments are not required for users by default, which means they can be skipped (or easily forgotten). But failing to log these fields prevents you from gathering insights into your team’s call behavior, which can negatively impact call performances.

So, admins can make Dispositions, Sentiments, or both required on a call step or one-off call. Once call Dispositions and/or Sentiments are required, we will indicate for your users to set the field during call step or one-off call.

Things to Note: When running a call step within a cadence, Dispositions and Sentiments are only required when someone is logging a call or "logging & completing. The "complete only" button will not require these fields since it does not log a call.

To require your users to log Dispositions and/or Sentiments on a call, follow these steps:

From your Team Settings, go to the Dispositions & Sentiments tab.
Choose the tab for Dispositions or Sentiments.
Click the checkbox to require the field be logged. 

 

 
Standard Dispositions and Sentiments

Salesloft provides standard Dispositions and Sentiments when you start with your Salesloft account. These Dispositions and Sentiments are based on the most common outcomes that occur during sales calls.

The standard Dispositions and Sentiments contribute to Salesloft's call analytics. The call analytics help to see whether or not your team is having positive conversations based off of certain Sentiments.

Things to Note:

If you delete a standard Disposition or Sentiment from Salesloft, and add a Disposition or Sentiment with the same name at a later time, the analytics will populate moving forward for Connected Count, Left Voicemail Count, and Positive Conversation Count.
Dispositions and Sentiments are case sensitive. If you delete a standard Disposition or Sentiment and replace it with a custom one with the same name, you must ensure the first letter is uppercase and that it is spelled correctly.


The standard Dispositions include: 

Busy
Connected 
Left Voicemail
No Answer
Not in Service
Rejected
Wrong Number

Things to Note: The standard disposition for Connected directly contributes to the Connected Calls metric inside Salesloft Analytics. Removing this disposition prevent that metric from populating. 

The standard Sentiments include: 

Company - Bad Fit
Contact - Bad Fit
Customer
Demo Scheduled
Existing Opp
Gatekeeper - No Contact with Prospect
Interested 
Meeting Scheduled
No Interest
Reassigned to Partner
Referred to Another Contact
Rescheduling
Timeline 6-12 Months 

Things to Note: The standard sentiments Demo Scheduled, Interested, and Timeline 6-12 months directly contribute to the Positive Calls metric inside Salesloft Analytics. Removing this disposition prevent that metric from populating. 

Add a Disposition or Sentiment

Your Dispositions and Sentiments need to fit your business process. So, Salesloft provides the ability to delete and create custom Disposition(s) and Sentiment(s).

To add a new Disposition or Sentiment, follow these steps:

From your Team Settings, go to the Dispositions and Sentiments tab.
Select Dispositions or Sentiments at the top of the page.
Click the + Add button at the top of the list of dispositions or sentiments.
Type the name of your new disposition or sentiment.
Hit Save.

 

 
Delete a Disposition or Sentiment

To delete a Disposition or Sentiment:

From your Team Settings, go to the Dispositions and Sentiments tab.
Select Dispositions or Sentiments at the top of the page.
Find the label you would like to remove. Hit the red Delete button to the right of the name.
A warning message will pop up to be sure you want to delete the item. Select Delete.

As a safety feature, you cannot delete the last remaining Disposition or Sentiment on either page, and the delete button will disappear when only one remains.

 

SLU: Team Communication: Dispositions and Sentiments Settings (Video)

Want to know about team Dispositions and Sentiments Settings, but prefer a video format? Visit Salesloft University to see the Team Communication: Dispositions & Sentiments Settings video tutorial. 

Last Modified By
Stephanie Griffith, 10/27/2023 12:23 PM
Title
Manage Dispositions and Sentiments
URL Name
Manage-Dispositions-and-Sentiments
Salesloft Knowledge
Admin Guides
Dialer Management
Trending Articles
Salesloft Chrome Extension Overview (Early Access)
Salesloft Email Deliverability Best Practices
Imports from Salesforce
How to Reduce Background Noise
Download the Salesloft Chrome Extension
Contact Support