CONVERSATIONS
Conversations Recording Details Page Overview

Sep 12, 2023•Knowledge
Package Availability
Indicates which SalesLoft package(s) include the feature referenced in this knowledge article.
Content

The Conversations Recording Details Page is where you access and review calls that have been captured in Conversations. 

You can access the Recording Details page by clicking the title of a recording in Conversations. 

Once on the Recording Details page, you can watch or listen to the recording, and access call insights like related objects, the recording transcript, and more. 
 

In this article, we will walk through each section of the Conversations Recording Details Page, including:

Recording Details Page Actions
Details Panel
Related Records Panel
Trackers Panel
Audio/Video Player
Recording Participants, Trackers, Comments, and Notes Panel
Transcription  
Recording Details Page Actions

There are a number of actions you can take from the Recording Details Page. 

The drop-down beside the recording title opens the Recording Details Page Actions menu where you can perform the following actions:

Edit Details
Download Transcript
Download Video
Delete Recording


From the right corner of the page, you can Add the recording to a Playlist to keep it easily accessible or Share the Recording to increase the meeting’s scope. 


 

Details Panel

The Details panel contains the basic meeting details, including:

Organizer's Name: Name of the Salesloft user who owns the meeting. Typically this is the person who sent the meeting invite in the first place.
The number beside the Organizer’s name reflects the number of participants, invitees, and attendees.Click the drop-down beside the Organizer’s Name to view them:
Participants: Salesloft users who participated in the meeting
Invitees: People who were sent an invite to the meeting. Email addresses will be included in the invitee list.
Attendees: Any registered attendee of the meeting. Attendees will include names and phone numbers based on who logs into the meeting.
Meeting Details:
Length of meeting (hours:minutes)
Date and time the meeting took place
Meeting language
Playlists that this conversation has been added to
Related Records Panel

The Related Records panel lists relevant Person, Account, and Opportunity data. The data included on this tile is automatically populated by Conversations and contains clickable links that direct you to the corresponding Person Page, Account Page, or Opportunity in Deals. 

 

On the Related Records tile you will find the following: 

Person: Person record associated with the recording. Click the name to be directed to the Person Profile page.
Account: Account associated with the recording. Click the Account name to be directed to the Account Profile page.
Opportunity: Opportunity associated with the recording. Click the Opportunity to be directed to the Opportunity in Deals
Things to Note: If you do not have an active Deals license, when you click a linked Opportunity, you will be redirected to the Opportunity in SFDC.
Opportunity Stage: The status of the Opportunity. Click the down arrow to view the Opportunity Snapshot which includes the following:
Opportunity Owner
Create Date
Close Date
Amount

 

 

To learn more about how Person, Account, and Opportunity data is automatically populated on the Related Records tile, check out our Related Records on the Recording Details Page article. 

Trackers Panel

The Trackers Panel lists Tracker Groups that you can use to scan the transcription and identify keywords or phrases. 

Audio/Video Player

The Audio/Video Player allows you to watch or listen to the audio or video recording.

You can also create clips, share the recording, rewind/play/fast forward, change the playback speed, or view the recording in full screen mode. 

Participants, Trackers, Comments, and Notes Tabs

Beneath the video player are four tabs: Participants, Trackers, Comments, and Notes. 

These tabs provide the following information:

Participants: Gain insight on speaker talk times
Trackers: Identify Trackers used during the call and the timestamp in which they occurred. Click a Tracker Group from the Trackers panel to get started.
Comments: Review and leave comments 
Notes: Take notes and mention/tag other Salesloft users

Transcription

While you watch the recording, the transcript will auto-scroll to align with the speaker. While reviewing the transcript, you can use the search bar to identify keywords, phrases, or numerical amounts mentioned in the recording. 

You can also click the drop-down arrow beside the conversation title to download the transcript.

 
 
To learn more about transcriptions, check out our Conversations Transcription article. 
Last Modified By
Raequel Sank, 9/12/2023 1:28 AM
Title
Conversations Recording Details Page Overview
URL Name
Recording-Details-Page
Conversations
Salesloft Knowledge
Conversations Recordings
Trending Articles
Salesloft Chrome Extension Overview (Early Access)
Salesloft Email Deliverability Best Practices
Imports from Salesforce
How to Reduce Background Noise
Download the Salesloft Chrome Extension
Contact Support