RHYTHM
Rhythm Focus Zone

Sep 13, 2023•Knowledge
Package Availability
Indicates which SalesLoft package(s) include the feature referenced in this knowledge article.
Content

The Rhythm Focus Zone is where you’ll find your Rhythm workflow, which consists of tasks prioritized by Conductor AI. 

Located on the Salesloft homepage's Workflow tab, the Rhythm Focus Zone is the first thing you'll see when you log in to Salesloft. 

In this article, you will learn about the Rhythm Focus Zone, including:

Focus Zone Tiles
Types of Activities
Rhythm Signals
Tile Actions
Filter Tasks in the Rhythm Focus Zone
Focus Zone Tiles

Each task item found in your Rhythm Workflow is listed in its own tile. The tile is a clickable element that also contains valuable information to inform you about your tasks.

 

The Focus Zone tiles include the following:

Activity Type Icon: Represents the type of activity
Action Name: Name of the action you'll perform in this task
Signal: Activity that initiated the task
Prioritization: Hover over the prioritization icon to see what data Conductor AI used to prioritize this task
Details:
Opportunity Details: Details about the Opportunity related to this task
Person Details: Details about the Person related to this task
Due Date: Date that the task is due
Types of Activities

The icon seen on the far left side of the Focus Zone tile shows the action you are due to complete.

When you select a tile, you will run the related action.

Here are some of the common activities that are represented in the Focus Zone Tiles: 

Call	  
Email	  
Other/General	  
LinkedIn Sales Navigator	  
 


Things to Note: Integration Tasks may display their own icons for relevant tasks. 

Rhythm Signals

Your Rhythm Focus Zone is built of your prioritized action items. You may be wondering, what prompts an item to be added to the Rhythm Focus Zone? 

Salesloft uses Signals to identify the various actions and tasks that you need to complete. These signals are represented in the Focus Zone Tiles.

The signals include the following: 
 

Cadence Step	 
Manually Created Task	 
Meeting Play	 
Email Play	 
Integration Play	 

 

Tile Actions

In addition to running your task actions, each tile contains a specific set of additional actions.

These additional actions will vary based on the signal. Specifically, there are different additional actions for Cadence step tiles and Tasks tiles.

To access and select these actions, hover over a tile. The due date will be replaced with various icons buttons you can click to perform an action.

Cadence Step Tile additional actions include: 

Reschedule	  
Skip Step	  
Remove from Cadence	  



Tasks tiles additional actions include: 

Mark Complete	  
Reschedule	  
Edit	  
Delete	  
 
Filter Tasks in the Rhythm Focus Zone

The Rhythm Focus Zone lists tasks prioritized by Conductor AI, however, you can filter the list to make your workflow the most efficient.

To filter your list of tasks, click the filter icon in the upper right corner. 

Using the Rhythm Focus Zone filter, you can update your list of tasks to:

Group Cadences by Cadence Step, Account, Time Zone
Filter by Due Date
Filter by Task Type
Filter by Time Zone

 


Conductor AI reviews your Cadences and determines which Cadence steps have a high likelihood of success. Cadence steps that have a high likelihood of success are then prioritized as Cadence step tasks in the Rhythm Focus Zone. 

 

Let’s take a look at the details you can find on Cadence step tasks.


Cadence steps tasks include the following:

Step Title: Title or action associated with the step
Cadence Name: Name of the Cadence this step is part of
Buyer Priority Icon: Icon that determines the likelihood that a task will lead to a successful outcome
Things to Note: You can hover over the Buyer Priority Icon to learn more about what key factors Conductor AI used to prioritize a particular task.
Record Owner: Owner of the Person or Account record owner the Cadence is associated with
Due Date: Date that the Cadence step is due


You can hover over each Cadence step task to either reschedule the task, skip the step, or remove the step from its Cadence. 

One-Off Tasks

Tasks in Salesloft allow you to schedule one-off actions outside of Cadences. 

One-off tasks include things like sending an email, or scheduling a phone call. If Conductor AI determines that a particular task is likely to lead to a successful outcome, that task will be prioritized in the Rhythm Focus Zone. 

 

Let’s take a look at the details you can find on Cadence step tasks.


One-off Tasks in the Rhythm Focus Zone include the following:

Task Subject: Title of the task that gives insight about the task
Buyer Priority Icon: Icon that determines the likelihood that a task will lead to a successful outcome
Things to Note: You can hover over the Buyer Priority Icon to learn more about what key factors Conductor AI used to prioritize a particular task.
Task Assignee: User the task is assigned to
Due Date: Date the task is due


You can hover over each One-off task to either reschedule the task, skip it, or remove it. 

Deals and Opportunity Sync Data Associated With a Task

If you use Salesloft Deals or Opportunity Sync, Conductor AI will also use this data to determine the likelihood of a task’s success. 

Conductor AI uses the Deal Priority Model to determine the likelihood that a deal will close, and prioritizes associated tasks based on that logic. 

Tasks that include Deals and Opportunity Sync data include the following:

Task Title: Title of the task or Deals To-Do
Deal Priority Icon: Differentiates tasks prioritized based on the Deal Priority Model
Things to Note: You can hover over the Deal Priority Icon to learn more about what key factors Conductor AI used to prioritize a particular task.
Deal Engagement Score: Score that determines a deal’s health and the likelihood that it will close
Task Assignee: User the task is assigned to
Due Date: Date the task is due


You can hover over each One-off task to either reschedule the task, skip it, or remove it.

Last Modified By
Raequel Sank, 9/13/2023 9:19 PM
Title
Rhythm Focus Zone
URL Name
Rhythm-Focus-Zone
Salesloft Knowledge
Rhythm
Rhythm Workflow
Trending Articles
Salesloft Chrome Extension Overview (Early Access)
Salesloft Email Deliverability Best Practices
Imports from Salesforce
How to Reduce Background Noise
Download the Salesloft Chrome Extension
Contact Support