SALESLOFT MOBILE
People in Salesloft Mobile

Mar 7, 2022•Knowledge
Package Availability
Indicates which SalesLoft package(s) include the feature referenced in this knowledge article.
Content
Your Salesloft People are the individuals that you reach out to, have conversations with, and engage throughout the sales process.

Salesloft Mobile makes it easy to connect with and maintain Person records all from the device that's normally within reach. 

In this article, you will learn about viewing and managing Person records in Salesloft Mobile, including: 
Add a Person to Salesloft Mobile
Search for a Person in Salesloft Mobile
View a Person Page in Salesloft Mobile
Person Actions from Salesloft Mobile
Add a Person to Salesloft Mobile
If you meet new contacts while you're on the go, you know the benefit of being able to add that contact as a Salesloft Person from anywhere. Rather than waiting to get back to your computer and create a Person or import People, Salesloft Mobile allows you to add People directly to Salesloft from your phone. 

Things to Note: The ability to add a Person to Salesloft will only be granted to users with roles with the Manage People Permission turned on.

To add a Person to Salesloft from Salesloft Mobile, follow these steps: 

1. In Salesloft Mobile, go to the Search page.

2. Select the + sign in the upper right corner of the page to add a new Person to Salesloft.
 
3. Enter information in the available Person fields, including custom fields. To complete the fields, add text or select from a dropdown, like with Seniority.
4. Click Save in the upper right corner of the screen. 
Search for a Person in Salesloft Mobile
Search looks up any existing Salesloft Person. Once you search and find a Person, you can view their Person page, call them, or add them to a Cadence.

Use the following criteria to search through Salesloft People:
Type one of the following into the search bar:
Person's First Name
Person's Last Name
Account Name
Person's Phone Number
Account's Phone Number
Searches must include at least three characters to produce results.
 

Once the search results populate, you can select a name to call the Person.
 
View a Person Page in Salesloft Mobile
When selecting a Person from search, you will go to that Person's dedicated page.

The Person Page segments into different panels. The panels include the following information:
Contact Info: Here you can see that Person's contact information, as well as standard and custom fields associated with that Person.
Recent Activities: The panel show the Person's three most recent activities providing a snapshot of the most recent tasks completed. 
Click View All in either panel to view a full page layout of the contact page or the activity feed.
Contact Page
The Contact Page contains all of the Person's available contact information. If a field needs to be updated, click the Edit button in the upper right corner of the Contact Page to edit the contact information.  
 
Activity Feed 
The Activity Feed shows the recent activities relevant to the Person. Any activity, whether you add the Person to a Cadence, send an email, log a call, mark them as a success, etc., will appear in the recent activities.
 
Person Actions from Salesloft Mobile
From the Person page, you can perform the following actions: 
Select the ellipses icon in the upper right corner to open the following actions: 
Edit Person
Do Not Contact
Unlink from Account/ Link to Account
Link to CRM
Add to Cadence
Call: You can initiate a call to any of that Person's listed numbers.
Email: Clicking on an email address will initiate an email through the default email application set on your device.
Things to Note: This email will not be tracked in Salesloft unless the default email on your device is set up with Email Activity Sync.
 
Last Modified By
Raequel Sank, 3/7/2022 6:16 PM
Title
People in Salesloft Mobile
URL Name
People-in-Salesloft-Mobile
Salesloft Knowledge
Salesloft Mobile
User Guides
Trending Articles
Salesloft Chrome Extension Overview (Early Access)
Salesloft Email Deliverability Best Practices
Imports from Salesforce
How to Reduce Background Noise
Download the Salesloft Chrome Extension
Contact Support