CONVERSATIONS
Recap Action Items in Conversations

Oct 31, 2023•Knowledge
Package Availability
Indicates which SalesLoft package(s) include the feature referenced in this knowledge article.
Content

Meeting with prospective customers results in key takeaways – things you’ve learned during the call, and action items – the tasks that need to be completed after a sales meeting ends.

Many sellers keep track of action items during a call, or even make a list while listening to the recording after a meeting is complete. 

Salesloft’s Conversations serve up a list of action items after you complete a recorded meeting.

Things to Note:

Admins can manage access to Action Items from the Generative Artificial Intelligence settings.
Action items are available for all Conversations Platform Integrations.
Action Items will only be extracted for meeting recordings with a transcript.
Call recordings, including recordings using the Salesloft Dialer are not included.
Action Items are only available for recordings in English. Conversations conducted in any other language will not generate Action Items.  

In this article, you will learn about Action Items, including: 

View Action Items
Copy Action Items
Edit Action Items
View Action Items

Your action items appear on the Conversations detail page under the Recap tab.  

You should always review AI generated content to confirm accuracy before using or sharing your Action Items. See below for instructions on how to edit Action Items .  

There is no limit to the number of action items that can be extracted from a single transcript. Our research indicates that sales conversations frequently have between 0 and 5 action items.

Things to Note: Action items should appear minutes after a meeting transcript becomes available.

When you go to the Recap tab on a Conversation, you will see the following details: 

Total number of Action Items 
Bullet list of action items. Each bullet point includes a description of the action and, in many cases, there is a reference to the name or team responsible for the action.  

Things to Note: Action items will only be displayed inside the Salesloft platform. Action items will not be shown in the recording’s public page. 

Review your items after a meeting, or bring them to a manager so you can discuss any necessary tasks. 

Copy Action Items

You can copy individual and All action items. Copying comes in handy if you would like to bring these action items into an email, chat message, or presentation for a follow-up meeting. 

Things to Note: Action Items will automatically appear in the Meeting Follow-up play in Rhythm in Salesloft. 

Copying All Actions will copy the entire list of available action items onto a clipboard you can paste. To copy all actions listed, follow these steps: 

Go to your meeting’s Conversation details page. 
Under the Video player, select the Recap tab to view all of your action items. 
To the right of the total number of Actions, select Copy All. A notification will inform you that all actions have been copied. 

You also have the option to copy a single action. This is useful when sharing individual actions with people. It’s also beneficial if you are highlighting a single action and offering detailed steps to complete that action, like you may do in a slide presentation. 
 To copy an individual action item, follow these steps:

Go to your meeting’s Conversation details page. 
Under the Video player, select the Recap tab to view all of your action items. 
Find the action item inside the actions list. Hover over the action item’s name. Salesloft actions will appear on the right side of the list item. 
Select the second icon Copy Action Item. A notification will appear to inform you that the Action Item Copied. 

 

Edit Action Items

Action items can be edited in the event that things need to be changed. Here are a couple of potential scenarios that may lead you to edit an action item:

The action was reassigned to a different person: For example, during your call, it was stated that Steve would create a requirements list, but you receive an email that Brenda will send the information instead. 
Transcription error: Transcription technology is improving everyday, but there are still the occasional errors in voice-to-text. You can edit action items to correct these errors. 

Things to Note: 

Action items cannot be added, they can only be edited. 
If action items are modified in the Conversations Detail Page, action items will NOT be automatically updated in the Rhythm: Meeting Follow Up task.

To edit an action item, follow these steps: 

Go to your meeting’s Conversation details page. 
Under the Video player, select the Recap tab to view all of your action items. 
Find the action item inside the actions list. Hover over the action item’s name. Salesloft actions will appear on the right side of the list item.
Select the pencil icon to Edit Action Item. The action item will convert to a text box with the existing action item. 
Make any necessary changes to the text in the text box. 
Click Save. 
Last Modified By
Raequel Sank, 10/31/2023 4:07 PM
Title
Recap Action Items in Conversations
URL Name
Recap-Action-Items-in-Conversations
Conversations
Salesloft Knowledge
Conversations Recordings
Trending Articles
Salesloft Chrome Extension Overview (Early Access)
Salesloft Email Deliverability Best Practices
Imports from Salesforce
How to Reduce Background Noise
Download the Salesloft Chrome Extension
Contact Support