CADENCES + TASKS
Copy Salesloft Content

Apr 7, 2023•Knowledge
Package Availability
Indicates which SalesLoft package(s) include the feature referenced in this knowledge article.
Content
Sometimes the strongest material may come from another member of your team. That’s why Salesloft allows you to copy objects like Cadences, Templates, and Snippets for your own use.  

Things to Note: Users require specific permissions to change the snippet owner. 

In this article, you will learn about copying materials, including: 
Copy a Cadence
Copy Templates and Snippets
Copy Best Practices
SLU: Copying Templates and Cadences (Video)
Copy a Cadence
Personal Cadences (non-Team Cadences) can only be run by the Cadence's owner. If you know a teammate has had success with a particular Cadence, you can copy it and use that Cadence yourself.

Copying a Cadence will copy all of the steps including email templates, but will not copy any of the People in the Cadence. (You'll have to add People to the Cadence yourself.)

Things to Note: Are you an admin? You can see and copy all of your teammates' Cadences including the private ones! You can also copy Cadences to a different member of your team.

To copy a Cadence, follow the steps below:
Find the Cadence you would like to copy and select the down arrow to the right of the Cadence Name. This will open the Cadence Page Actions. 
Name the new Cadence. Copied cadences will have the name of the original cadence followed by a dash and "Copy" (example: Cadence 1 - Copy).
(Optional) Admins and users with the Manage Cadence Ownership permission can select a Salesloft user who will own this cadence. The owner will be able to add People and execute actions. 
Hit Save Copy.
Confirm you want to copy the Cadence. The Cadence is copied! Now you can adjust any settings of the Cadence, add People, and run the Cadence yourself. 
 
Copy Templates and Snippets
To copy a template follow these steps:
Filter & sort to find the type of content you would like to copy.
Select the template(s) you wish to copy. For Snippets, actions will appear at the top of the table. 
Select More. 
Click the Copy icon. A Copy window will appear.
Confirm you wish to copy the content by clicking Copy.
The copy will appear in your list view. Copied templates will have the name of the original template followed by a dash and "Copy" (example: “Intro email - Copy”). You can edit the name after the content has been copied. 
You may need to refresh the Snippets page to see the new snippet.
Copied templates will appear "locked" or private meaning it cannot be shared. If you want the template to only be used by you, keep it locked. Otherwise, share the template.
 
Copy Best Practices
Let’s say that you filter & sort to view the templates of everyone on your team. From there you can take a look at the metrics and gather which template has performed the best with prospects. While some people may advise you to draft a similar template, we say you don’t need to reinvent the wheel.

By copying the template, you can leverage the same draft, edit it to match your tone of voice or add any personal touches, and send the template in your own Cadences.
SLU: Copying Templates and Cadences (Video)
Want to know how to copy a template, but prefer a video format? Visit Salesloft University to see the Copying Templates and Cadences video tutorial.  


 
Last Modified By
Stephanie Griffith, 4/7/2023 8:06 PM
Title
Copy Salesloft Content
URL Name
Copy-Salesloft-Content
Email Guides
Email
Cadences + Tasks
Manage A Cadence
Salesloft Knowledge
Trending Articles
Salesloft Chrome Extension Overview (Early Access)
Salesloft Email Deliverability Best Practices
Imports from Salesforce
How to Reduce Background Noise
Download the Salesloft Chrome Extension
Contact Support