GETTING STARTED
Change Your Password

Apr 5, 2023•Knowledge
Package Availability
Indicates which SalesLoft package(s) include the feature referenced in this knowledge article.
Content
Passwords are meant to keep logins secure. In order to maintain that security, it's recommended to change your password every so often. 

Alternatively, there may come a day when you cannot remember your password (we've all been there). 

Whichever password-related issue arises, Salesloft allows you to change your password and reset your password when necessary.

Things to Note: You will not see the option to update/change your password if access was managed through SSO.

In this article, you will learn about managing your password, including: 
Change Your Password Inside Salesloft
Forgot Password? Password Reset
Change Your Password Inside Salesloft
To change your password from inside Salesloft, follow the instructions below:
Click on your name in the top right corner and select Settings.
On the Profile Settings page, click the Update Your Account Info button.
Enter your current password followed by the new password you'd like, and then re-enter your new password for confirmation and click Update Information.
Forgot Password? Password Reset
If you've forgotten your password, you can change it by following these steps:
1. Go to salesloft.com, then click Log In.
2. Enter your email address, then hit Next.
3. Click on the Forgot Password? link. This will open the Password Recovery page.
 


 
4. From the Password Recovery page, enter your Salesloft email address, then hit Reset. 

 
 
5. You will receive an email with a password reset. Open the email and follow the prompts to complete your password reset. 

Things to Note:
If you select the password reset, but do not see the email in your inbox, refresh your inbox after 5 minutes and check your spam folder. 
The password reset link expires after 6 hours. 
  
Last Modified By
Stephanie Griffith, 4/5/2023 4:04 PM
Title
Change Your Password
URL Name
Change-Your-Password
Salesloft Knowledge
Getting Started
Support Guides
Trending Articles
Salesloft Chrome Extension Overview (Early Access)
Salesloft Email Deliverability Best Practices
Imports from Salesforce
How to Reduce Background Noise
Download the Salesloft Chrome Extension
Contact Support