ADMIN GUIDES
Deactivate Users

Jul 27, 2022•Knowledge
Package Availability
Indicates which SalesLoft package(s) include the feature referenced in this knowledge article.
Content
Changes within a team structure are inevitable. While changes like bringing on new team members may be exciting, other changes, like offboarding, may require very specific tasks. 

Offboarding a Salesloft user means removing their Salesloft access and making sure that someone is working their book of business. Offboarding starts with deactivating a user from their Salesloft license and includes steps like reassigning their Cadences and other tasks. 

If a Salesloft user has exited your organization or moved to another role, there are specific steps you should take to properly offboard them.

In this article, we will walk through the steps to offboard a user, including:
Deactivate the User
View Inactive Users
Update Ownership
Enable Automatic Tasks Reassignment
Reassign Cadences
Activate a User Who Has Been Deactivated
Deactivate the User
In the event that a user is no longer on your team, you may deactivate their Salesloft license.

Deactivating a user’s Salesloft license is an important step in maintaining security for your organization, as it removes an inactive user’s access to your team’s Salesloft account.

To deactivate a Salesloft user, follow these steps: 
Go to the Users Settings under your Team Settings. You will immediately be on the Active tab.
From the table, select an individual's email address, or select the checkbox in the upper left corner of the column to select all of the email addresses. 
A red button will appear to deactivate the user(s). Click Deactivate to complete the action. The user(s) will be moved to the inactive list. 
 
 
View Inactive Users
Once a user has been deactivated, they are known as an Inactive User. Your inactive users no longer have access to Salesloft.

You can view all inactive users by going to the Users Settings in your Team Settings. Then select the Inactive tab. 

Inactive users will still show their previously assigned group. If a group was never selected, the group will display Not in Group. You may edit the group name (maybe switch them to Not in Group) to remove the user from any data attributed to that group.

Inactive users will also still show their previously assigned role. You may edit the role using the dropdown menu.
Update Ownership
The next step in offboarding a Salesloft user is to update Person ownership . Updating Person ownership means transferring ownership of Person records from one user to another. 

Things to Note: Your organization may have enabled the automation rule that automatically transfers Person ownership to the CRM owner when a Person owner changes. To review the automation rules enabled for your organization, check out the Manage Automation Rules article.

To update Person ownership and transfer Person records from one user to another, follow the steps below:

1. Navigate to the People Page using the person icon on the left navigation panel.

2. Use the Owner filter in the upper left corner to search for Person ownership by user. You can type the name of the Salesloft user in the search bar, or select a filter option, such as Inactive Users, to populate a list of users who fit within that filter criteria.
 


3. Check the box next to each Person record whose ownership you would like to transfer to a different Salesloft user. As you select boxes, Select People Actions from the People Page will appear above the table. 
Things to Note: If you are transferring all of an Inactive user’s Person ownership to one Salesloft user, you can use the check-all box in the upper left corner of the table to select all of the Person records at once.
4. Click Edit.

5. Select the dropdown next to Owner and type the name of the Salesloft user that you would like to transfer ownership of the Person record to.

6. Click Save.

If you would like a visual guide to updating Person ownership, check out our Transfer Ownership video.
Enable Automatic Tasks Reassignment
After Person ownership is reassigned, any tasks associated with the Person record must be reassigned as well. You can enable Automatic Task Reassignment to automatically reassign any remaining tasks associated with a Person record.

To enable Automatic Tasks Reassignment, follow the steps below:
Navigate to your Team Settings.
Select Cadences & Tasks from the Data section on the left menu panel.
Scroll to the Automatic Task Reassignment section and check the box labeled When a Person owner changes, reassign the previous owner’s task assignments to the new Person owner.
 
Reassign Cadences
Once a user’s Salesloft account has been deactivated and their Person ownership records have been updated, you will need to re-assign any Personal Cadences.

Personal Cadences are Cadences owned by an individual rep. If a former Salesloft user was using Personal Cadences to engage a buyer, you'll want to make sure that someone else takes over that communication. Reassigning the Personal Cadences allows you to transition the workflow from a former Salesloft user to a current user. 

To reassign Personal Cadences, you will first need to convert them into Team Cadences. Once you have converted the Personal Cadences into Team Cadences, you can reassign the Cadence steps.

To convert Personal Cadences into Team Cadences and reassign the Cadence steps, check out the Complete Team Cadences article.
Activate a User Who Has Been Deactivated
In the event that a user has been moved to the Inactive list, but needs Salesloft access you may activate (or reactivate) the user to the active status. 

To reactivate a user from inactive, follow these steps: 
Go to the Users Settings under your Team Settings.
Go to the Inactive tab.
Select an individual email address, or select the checkbox in the upper left corner of the column to select all of the email addresses. 
A green button will appear to activate. Click Activate to complete the action. The user(s) will move to the Active tab. 
Last Modified By
Stephanie Griffith, 7/27/2022 3:38 PM
Title
Deactivate Users
URL Name
Deactivate-Users
Salesloft Knowledge
Admin Guides
Team Settings
Trending Articles
Salesloft Chrome Extension Overview (Early Access)
Salesloft Email Deliverability Best Practices
Imports from Salesforce
How to Reduce Background Noise
Download the Salesloft Chrome Extension
Contact Support