ANALYTICS + REPORTING
Analytics Overview: Account Positive Replies

Jan 6, 2023•Knowledge
Package Availability
Indicates which SalesLoft package(s) include the feature referenced in this knowledge article.
Content
The Account Positive Replies panel shows Positive Email Sentiments distributed to each Account. By default, the Accounts shown will be any Accounts that you, the user, "own." You may filter the Overview page to view Accounts across the team or specific groups.

The purpose of this panel is to highlight for customers which accounts have high positive engagement while also highlighting accounts in need of attention.

In this article, you will learn about what you can gain from the Account Positive Replies panel, including:
The Account Positive Replies Panel
Account Positive Replies Panel Metrics and Calculations
Panel Drill Down: Email Sentiments By Account Report
The Account Positive Replies Panel
The Account Positive Replies panel contains the following details from the top of the panel working our way down:
Panel Name: Positive Emails
View Report: (Drill down to more details) Takes you to the Email Sentiments By Account Report.
Chart: A multi-color bar chart that displays the top 10 accounts by positive replies for the selected time period. The bars are colored according to which accounts have been touched within the last 48 hours or not. 
Hover: Hover over a bar to view information relevant to a particular Account. The hover information contains the account name and total number of positive replies.
 
 
Account Positive Replies Metrics and Calculations
Each panel contains metrics. These metrics are calculated in different ways. Check out the Analytics Metrics List for a complete list of metrics. 

The Account Positive Replies panel includes the following metrics based on the associated calculations. 
 
Metrics
	
Description
	
Calculations



Positive

	

 The count of replies that were assigned the Positive Email Sentiment.

	Sum (Positive Email Sentiments)
 
Panel Drill Down: Email Sentiments By Account Report
The Email Sentiments by Account report drills down into the specific metrics reflected in the Account Positive Replies panel. This report is an Account report that has default columns and filters to help you see Email Sentiment information related to Accounts. 

The report has the following columns by default:
Name
Owner
Last Touched
Replied
Positive (default sorted in descending order)
Total Objections

The report have the following filters by default: 
Positives
Total Objections

From the report's column management, you can add more dimensions (or columns and filters) to customize the report.

 
Last Modified By
Briana Morgan, 1/6/2023 8:47 PM
Title
Analytics Overview: Account Positive Replies
URL Name
Analytics-Overview-Account-Positive-Replies
Salesloft Knowledge
Analytics + Reporting
Analytics Overview Panels
Trending Articles
Salesloft Chrome Extension Overview (Early Access)
Salesloft Email Deliverability Best Practices
Imports from Salesforce
How to Reduce Background Noise
Download the Salesloft Chrome Extension
Contact Support