DEALS
Deals Analytics Overview: Weighted Pipeline Tile

Aug 1, 2023•Knowledge
Package Availability
Indicates which SalesLoft package(s) include the feature referenced in this knowledge article.
Content

The Weighted Pipeline Tile looks at what the weighted and unweighted pipeline coverage is for a given goal period. 

 

The Weighted Pipeline value is based on the percentage value of deals in each stage. For example if the full amount of a deal is $1,000, and you are viewing weighted pipeline values, then it will show at 50% (probability to close the deal) of the deal, which is $500.

 

The Unweighted Pipeline value will display the full amount of the deal regardless of what stage it's at. For example if the full amount of the deal is $1,000, and you are viewing unweighted pipeline values and the deal is at 50% (probability to close), then the value will still be displayed at $1,000.

 

Things to Note: The visible information is directly related to your Goal Management admin settings. Charts and data may appear different based on your team and individual goals. 

 

In this article, you will learn about the information provided within the Weighted Pipeline Tile, including:

Inside the Weighted Pipeline Tile

Weighted Pipeline Tile Metrics

Weighted Pipeline Tile Variations

 

 

Inside the Weighted Pipeline Tile

The Weighted Pipeline chart shows the weighted and unweighted trends for your pipeline, your unweighted pipeline amount, and the pipeline coverage for your goal period.

 


Hover over the chart to gain insight into the trend data. It will show the date, unweighted pipeline amount, and weighted pipeline amount. Additionally, tooltips help the rep understand how we are calculating the values in the tile.

 
 
Weighted Pipeline Tile Metrics

Let's walk through each metric you will see in the Weighted Pipeline Tile and what it means: 

 

Object	Definition
Name	Weighted Pipeline Tile
Weighted Pipeline	Sum of deal amounts by their stage-weighted probabilities
Pipeline Trend	This is a historical chart that displays the weighted and unweighted pipeline across the course of the goal period
Unweighted Pipeline	The Unweighted Pipeline value will display the full amount of the deal regardless of what stage it's at. For example if the full amount of the deal is $1000, and you are viewing unweighted pipeline values and the deal is at 50% (probability to close), then the value will still be displayed at $1,000.
Unweighted Pipeline Deals	The number of deals owned by the user
Pipeline Coverage	Unweighted Pipeline/ Remaining Goal

 

Weighted Pipeline Tile Variations

Based on your Goal Management admin settings, the Weighted Pipeline Tile could appear in a variety of ways. Below are the different variations for how these sentences may appear:

 

Variation	Images
Quarterly Goal Period	
Monthly Goal Period	




Annual Goal Period

	


No Goal Set	

 
 
Last Modified By
Briana Morgan, 8/1/2023 3:55 PM
Title
Deals Analytics Overview: Weighted Pipeline Tile
URL Name
Weighted-Pipeline-Tile
Deals
Salesloft Knowledge
Deals Analytics
Trending Articles
Salesloft Chrome Extension Overview (Early Access)
Salesloft Email Deliverability Best Practices
Imports from Salesforce
How to Reduce Background Noise
Download the Salesloft Chrome Extension
Contact Support