ANALYTICS + REPORTING
Analytics Overview: Team Performance Panel

Nov 8, 2022•Knowledge
Package Availability
Indicates which SalesLoft package(s) include the feature referenced in this knowledge article.
Content
The Team Performance panel provides a quick insight into the number of actions that have been logged within your Analytics Filters. 

The panel looks at the total number of activities performed. This includes emails, calls and other steps from Cadences and non-Cadence actions. 

Taking these details into consideration, the panel aims to answer the following questions: 
Are we growing our platform usage?
Are we increasing the amount of activities performed?
Are we hitting our activity targets?
In this article, you will learn about the Team Performance panel, including:
The Team Performance Panel
Team Performance Metrics and Calculations
Team Standard Report
The Team Performance Panel
The Team Performance panel contains the following details from the top of the panel working our way down:
Panel Name: Team Performance
View Report: (Drill down to more details) Takes you to the Team Standard Report.  
Primary Metric: Total Activities
Primary Metric Chart: Below the Total Activities, the chart shows the visual representation of the primary metric. 
Secondary Metric: Activities Per Day
Period Comparison based on date selection: To the right of the metrics, you will see a small percentage in either green or red. This will show how your numbers have increased or decreased over time. 
 
Team Performance Metrics and Calculations
Each panel contains primary and secondary metrics. These metrics are calculated in different ways. Check out the Analytics Metrics List for a complete list of metrics. 

The Team Performance panel includes the following metrics based on the associated calculations: 
 
Metrics
	
Calculations

 Total Activities	Emails Sent + Calls Logged + Other Steps + Integration Steps
Activities Per Day 	(Emails Sent + Calls Logged + Other Steps)/Count(Days)
 
Panel Drill Down: Team Standard Report
This panel drills down into the Team Standard Report, where you can see all the other steps completed.
 
 
Last Modified By
Briana Morgan, 11/8/2022 3:47 PM
Title
Analytics Overview: Team Performance Panel
URL Name
Team-Performance-Panel
Salesloft Knowledge
Analytics + Reporting
Analytics Overview Panels
Trending Articles
Salesloft Chrome Extension Overview (Early Access)
Salesloft Email Deliverability Best Practices
Imports from Salesforce
How to Reduce Background Noise
Download the Salesloft Chrome Extension
Contact Support