PEOPLE AND ACCOUNTS
Person Quick Actions

Aug 1, 2022•Knowledge
Package Availability
Indicates which SalesLoft package(s) include the feature referenced in this knowledge article.
Content
The Quick Actions panel allows you to make one-off actions with the click of a button. 

You will find the Quick Actions on the Person Profile Page. This way, if you are looking at a Person's details or history and realize you need to reach out to them right at that moment, you can by clicking a Quick Action. 
 
 
In this article, you will learn about each available Quick Action, including:
Call Quick Action
Email Quick Action
Cadence Quick Action
Meeting Quick Action
Tasks Quick Action
Success Quick Action
Message Quick Action
Call Quick Action
The Call Quick Action instantly calls the Person. 

Clicking the Call quick action opens the Dialer in the bottom right corner and the Call Log box to the left of the Dialer. The call will dial as soon as the Dialer is opened. The best use case is for one-off phone calls outside of a Cadence.

Things to Note:
The Call quick action relies on the Standard Salesloft phone fields: Mobile Phone, Home Phone or Office Phone. 
The Call quick action will not appear when all of the Standard phone number fields are blank. If you do not see the Call quick action, check the Person's details and make sure they have a phone number listed. 
The Call quick action will not pull from custom phone fields added to Salesloft. Reach out to a team admin about mapping your Person fields to a standard field. You can view the standard fields for the following CRMs:
Salesforce
Dynamics
Email Quick Action
The Email Quick Action opens the Email Window in the bottom right corner of your window. 

The best use case is for one-off emails to the Person for quick communication or follow-ups.

If you have previously created an email to this Person, but did not send the email, a Saved icon will appear next to the quick action. Click the quick action to open the saved email. 

Things to Note: The Email quick action will not appear when the email field is blank. If you do not see the Email quick action, check the Person's details and make sure they have an email address listed. 
Cadence Quick Action
The Cadence Quick Action adds the Person to a created Cadence. Once a Person is added, they will be on Day 1 of the Cadence. 

If user doesn't have permissions to add people to Team and Personal Cadence or if Person marked as Do Not Contact, the quick Action will be disabled. 

When you click the Cadence quick action, the Add To Cadence modal will pop up. Here you can select the Cadence and step.

After the Person is added to the Cadence, you will remain on the Person Profile Page.
Meeting Quick Action
The Meeting Quick Action books a meeting on demand with the Person whose Profile page you are viewing. 
Tasks Quick Action
The Tasks Quick Action creates a one-off, scheduled action for the Person whose Profile page you are viewing. 
Success Quick Action  
The Success Quick Action allows you to quickly identify a successful outbound activity, such as a demo scheduled on a phone call.

The definition of success will vary by team, but the key is to make sure the team understands what that definition is and is marking it consistently. Marking an activity as a "success" adds a record to the activity feed on the Person's Profile page.
Message Quick Action
The Message Quick Action open the Messenger pane to send an SMS text message to the Person.

The Message Quick action will be disabled when the Person does not have a Mobile phone number listed. 
 
 
Last Modified By
Stephanie Griffith, 8/1/2022 7:46 PM
Title
Person Quick Actions
URL Name
Person-Quick-Actions
Salesloft Knowledge
People And Accounts
People
People Page
Person Profile Page
Trending Articles
Salesloft Chrome Extension Overview (Early Access)
Salesloft Email Deliverability Best Practices
Imports from Salesforce
How to Reduce Background Noise
Download the Salesloft Chrome Extension
Contact Support