CONVERSATIONS
Set Up Conversations

May 11, 2023•Knowledge
Package Availability
Indicates which SalesLoft package(s) include the feature referenced in this knowledge article.
Content
Conversations allows Salesloft team members to analyze recordings, dissect call transcriptions, share recording clips, and take meeting notes all within the Salesloft platform. 

Before you set up Conversations, your Calendar must be set up. Go to the Calendar tab to link your calendar.

Things to Note:
A team admin must enable Conversations for each user. If you select the Conversations tab in your user settings and see a "restricted access" message, contact your admin.  
Conversations currently syncs to the follow email servers:
Gmail
Office 365.
Microsoft EWS which includes:
Microsoft Exchange 2013
Microsoft Exchange 2016
Microsoft Exchange 2019
If you use ActiveSync it will have to be added manually to the meeting.
In this article, you will learn about setting up Conversations, including:
Conversations Bot Settings
Conversation Notifications
SLU: Conversation Settings (Video)
Conversations Bot Settings
The Conversations Bot is a virtual machine that joins your meetings as a participant to record, transcribe, and perform additional Conversations magic. 

The bot timing decides when exactly the bot will join your meetings. Don’t worry, the bot wouldn’t dream of showing up late, but you get to choose how punctual the bot actually is. Your bot timing options include:
Use organization default set by my administrator
Right when the meeting is support to start
1 minute early
2 minutes early
3 minutes early
4 minutes early
5 minutes early
Conversations Notifications
Conversations offers email notifications to inform you about your meetings and recordings.

You can select both notification types, or just one, or neither, depending on your personal preference. To select a notification type, follow these steps:
Click the check box next to Email under each section.
To remove the notification, click the check box again so that the checkmark is removed.
You will receive a notification at the top of the page when any settings are updated.
 

 
SLU: Conversations Settings (Video)
Want to know how to set up your Conversations Settings, but prefer a video format? Visit Salesloft University to see the Your Conversations Settings video tutorial. 
 
Last Modified By
Briana Morgan, 5/11/2023 6:27 PM
Title
Set Up Conversations
URL Name
Set-Up-Conversation-Intelligence
Conversations
Salesloft Knowledge
Conversations Essentials
Trending Articles
Salesloft Chrome Extension Overview (Early Access)
Salesloft Email Deliverability Best Practices
Imports from Salesforce
How to Reduce Background Noise
Download the Salesloft Chrome Extension
Contact Support