PEOPLE AND ACCOUNTS
Person Icons and Symbols Glossary

Jul 29, 2022•Knowledge
Package Availability
Indicates which SalesLoft package(s) include the feature referenced in this knowledge article.
Content
Person icons and symbols appear throughout Salesloft to alert you of an individual's status

In this article you will find a complete list of all the icons and symbols that may be associated to Salesloft People, where you'll find them in the platform, and what they mean. 
 
Icon Name
	
Icon  
	
Description

Bounced		A previous email to this Person resulted in a bounce back.
Call stats		The number of calls made to the Person and logged.
Do Not Contact		This Person has opted out of messaging or been marked as Do Not Contact. Users may not communicate with this Person via Salesloft.
Emails Clicked stat		Shows the number of emails with links that were clicked. 
Emails Sent stat		Shows the number of emails sent to this Person.
Emails with Opens stat		Shows the number of times an email sent to this Person has been viewed.
Emails with Replies stat		Shows the number of times this Person has replied to emails.
European Union (EU) Resident		This Person has been marked as an EU Resident. Tracking functionality may be disabled for EU Residents. Learn more in the Manage Privacy Settings article.
New		This Person was recently added to Salesloft. The dot will remain in the Person list until an activity is logged to the Person.  
Has Replied		This Person has previously replied to a Salesloft email.
LinkedIn profile page		Opens the Person's LinkedIn profile.
Marked as Success		This Person has been marked as a success.
Out Of Office (OOO) Detection		Appears when an out of office message is detected for that Person.
Red Mail Icon		This Person does not have an email address listed in their profile.
Red Phone Icon		This Person does not have a phone number listed in their profile.
Restrict Calls		Prevents calls to this Person through Salesloft. Call steps will automatically be skipped.
Restrict Emails		Prevents emails to this Person through Salesloft. Email steps will automatically be skipped.
Restrict Texts		Prevents texts to this person through Salesloft.
Star		The star icon flags this Person as important.
Inbound Email		 An inbound email was sent from the Person. 
View Company URL		Opens the company’s website.
View in Salesforce		People connected to the Salesforce record. If the Person is not connected to their CRM, the icon will not appear.
View Twitter		Opens the Person's twitter page.
 
Last Modified By
Stephanie Griffith, 7/29/2022 1:42 PM
Title
Person Icons and Symbols Glossary
URL Name
Person-Icons-and-Symbols-GlossaryPerson-Icons-and-Symbols-Glossary
Salesloft Knowledge
People And Accounts
People
People Page
People Guides
Trending Articles
Salesloft Chrome Extension Overview (Early Access)
Salesloft Email Deliverability Best Practices
Imports from Salesforce
How to Reduce Background Noise
Download the Salesloft Chrome Extension
Contact Support