USER GUIDES
SALESLOFT CONNECT
Troubleshoot Salesloft Connect

Oct 31, 2023•Knowledge
Package Availability
Indicates which SalesLoft package(s) include the feature referenced in this knowledge article.
Content

Experiencing issues with Salesloft Connect? This guide provides troubleshooting techniques to help fix any issue you may be experiencing.

 

In this article, we will walk through a checklist to help you troubleshoot any issue you may be experiencing with Salesloft Connect:

 

Update Google Chrome and Salesloft Connect
Check your Salesloft Login
Connect your email to Salesloft
Clear your Cache
Disable other extensions
Reboot Salesloft Connect

 

Things to Note: If you have completed the steps listed in this checklist and are still experiencing issues with the extension, please contact our support team.

Update Google Chrome and Salesloft Connect

We are constantly updating Salesloft Connect to remain in compliance with Google’s most recent updates.

 

If you have an outdated version of Chrome, the extension may no longer comply with that edition. To update Google Chrome, check out Google’s Update Google Chrome page. 

 

To ensure you are using the latest version of Salesloft Connect or update the extension, check out our Update Salesloft Connect article. 

Check your Salesloft Login

Salesloft Connect requires you to log in to Salesloft via the extension. Logging in to Salesloft via the extension ensures that Salesloft and Google Chrome connect properly. 

 

To ensure you are logged in to Salesloft via the extension, click on the Salesloft Connect icon in your Google Chrome menu bar. If you see a list of Salesloft Connect settings, you are logged in. 


If you are not logged in to Salesloft via the extension, you will see a log-in screen.

Connect your Email to Salesloft

The Chrome extension links to the email address that is connected to your Salesloft account. 

 

When you log in to Salesloft via the extension, be sure to use the same email listed in your Salesloft account.

 

If you are logged in with an alternative email address, log out of that account, then log using the email that is linked to Salesloft and refresh your browser.

 

To check which email is linked to your Salesloft account, follow these steps:

Open the Salesloft web app, then navigate to your settings.
Select Calendar under the Personal settings.
From the General tab, you will see an email address listed under Your Calendar. This is the email address linked to your account. 

 

To update, or manage the email address(es) linked to your Salesloft account, check out our Set Up Your Emails knowledge base to learn more about managing your email based on your email client.

Clear your Cache

If you are experiencing issues with Salesloft Connect, you may need to refresh your browser. You can refresh your browser by clearing your cache.

Disable other Extensions

Other Chrome extensions may be impeding Salesloft’s functionality. From your Chrome extension menu, disable or remove other extensions that may block Salesloft’s access.

Reboot the Salesloft Chrome Extension

Sometimes networks can get out of sync and need a quick jolt to get them back on the right track. If your extension is lagging and needs a reboot, you can disable and re-enable the extension.  

 

To reboot the extension, follow these steps:

 

Right-click the Salesloft icon in the Extensions bar and select Manage Extensions.This will open the Extensions Manager in a separate browser window.
From the Extensions Manager, click the toggle to disable, or turn the extension off. When the toggle area is gray, the extension is disabled.
Wait for a few moments, then click the toggle area again to enable, or turn the extension on. When the toggle area is blue, the extension is enabled.
Once the extension has been rebooted, you will need to reload any Gmail, Salesforce, or Salesloft tabs that you have open. 


 

Last Modified By
Stephanie Griffith, 10/31/2023 2:42 PM
Title
Troubleshoot Salesloft Connect
URL Name
Update-and-Troubleshoot-the-Salesloft-Chrome-Extension
Salesloft Knowledge
Salesloft Connect
User Guides
Trending Articles
Salesloft Chrome Extension Overview (Early Access)
Salesloft Email Deliverability Best Practices
Imports from Salesforce
How to Reduce Background Noise
Download the Salesloft Chrome Extension
Contact Support