CONVERSATIONS
Conversations Summary

Oct 31, 2023•Knowledge
Package Availability
Indicates which SalesLoft package(s) include the feature referenced in this knowledge article.
Content

Reviewing recorded calls is a great way to understand a customer’s needs; however, with quotas to meet and deals to drive forward, there may be little time each day to review entire recordings. You can save time by reviewing the Conversations Summary. 

 

A Conversations Summary is a summarized version of a call in Conversations. Salesloft Conversations uses artificial intelligence to transcribe a summary of the call transcript during the meeting processing phase. Once a meeting is captured in Conversations and processed, you can access the summary to quickly gain insight on the conversation that took place.

 

Things to Note: Conversations Summary uses Microsoft Azure’s OpenAI service to generate a summary of your call transcripts.

 

In this article, you will learn about Conversations Summary, including:

Manage Conversations Summary Access

Review a Conversations Summary on the Recording Details Page

Manage Conversations Summary Access

Salesloft admins can manage your team's access to Conversations Summary via the Conversations Summaries and Action Items setting. This setting allows Salesloft AI to generate summaries of your calls.

 

To learn more about managing this setting, check out the Manage Generative Artificial Intelligence Integrations article. 

Review a Conversations Summary on the Recording Details Page

The Recording Details Page is where you can access your Conversations recordings as well as tools that help review and assess the call—like the Conversations Summary.

 

To access a Conversations Summary from the Recording Details Page, follow these steps:

Navigate to the Conversations Recordings tab. 

Find the call you would like to review and click the title. This will open the Recording Details Page.

The Conversations Summary is located on the Recap tab beneath the audio/video player. 

Click the pencil icon to edit the summary as necessary.

Things to Note: We recommend reviewing and editing your Conversations Summary content before sharing to confirm accuracy.

Last Modified By
Raequel Sank, 10/31/2023 4:09 PM
Title
Conversations Summary
URL Name
Conversations-Summary
Conversations
Salesloft Knowledge
Conversations Essentials
Conversations Recordings
Conversations Pages
Trending Articles
Salesloft Chrome Extension Overview (Early Access)
Salesloft Email Deliverability Best Practices
Imports from Salesforce
How to Reduce Background Noise
Download the Salesloft Chrome Extension
Contact Support