GETTING STARTED
How to Clear Your Cache

Oct 18, 2021•Knowledge
Package Availability
Indicates which SalesLoft package(s) include the feature referenced in this knowledge article.
Content
If you are experiencing an issue with your Chrome browser or Salesloft's Chrome extension, often the simplest fix is to clear your cache of excess files and cookies.

Things to Note: For the best results, log out of Salesloft before you clear your cache. This way the platform refreshes and you can be sure any previous errors have been resolved. 

In this article, you will learn how to reset your Chrome browser, including:
How to Clear Your Cache
How to Run a Hard Refresh
How to Clear Your Cache
To clear your cache, follow these steps:

1. Click the three vertical dot Chrome menu in the toolbar at the top right of your browser.

2. Scroll and hover over More Tools to expand the menu.

3. Select Clear Browsing Data.
 
4. Select either the Basic or Advanced tab. The Advanced tab allows you to have more control over the cached items (for example, you can opt to retain passwords).

5. Select your Time Range from the drop-down menu. Choose All time.

6. Check the boxes next to Cookies and other site data and Cached images and files.

7. Hit Clear Data. 
How to Run a Hard Refresh
Sometimes the best way to solve a technical issue is to do a hard refresh.

To run a hard refresh for your browser, use the following short keys based on your computer:
Windows: ctrl + F5 
Mac/Apple: Apple + R or command + R
Once the refresh has been performed, access your microphone settings in Chrome, and follow these steps:
Open Chrome.
At the top right, click Menu.
Click Settings.
Then in the search field, type in "MICROPHONE".
Click Content Settings.
Scroll down to Microphone.
Click on Manage exceptions and hit the trashcan icon next to any mentions of Salesloft. 
Last Modified By
Stephanie Griffith, 10/18/2021 3:22 PM
Title
How to Clear Your Cache
URL Name
How-to-Clear-Your-Cache
Salesloft Knowledge
Getting Started
Support Guides
Trending Articles
Salesloft Chrome Extension Overview (Early Access)
Salesloft Email Deliverability Best Practices
Imports from Salesforce
How to Reduce Background Noise
Download the Salesloft Chrome Extension
Contact Support