USER GUIDES
MEETINGS/CALENDAR
Set Up Your Video Conferencing Link

Dec 13, 2023•Knowledge
Package Availability
Indicates which SalesLoft package(s) include the feature referenced in this knowledge article.
Content

An effective meeting invite ensures that invitees have the information they need to join the meeting, i.e. video conferencing link, call-in details...etc. When you book a meeting through Salesloft, you can add a default video conferencing link to make booking meetings a breeze.

 

Default video conferencing links are generated by the Video Conferencing Integrations. Salesloft Meetings supports three Video Conferencing Integrations: Zoom for Meetings, Google Meet, and Microsoft Teams. You can enable one of these integrations, which will generate a unique meeting link that you can add to your default meeting invite.

 

In order to enable a Video Conferencing Integrations, an admin must enable the virtual conferencing platform. This can be done from the Admin Video Conferencing settings. Once an admin enables your preferred platform, you can enable an integration and begin booking Salesloft Meetings with your default meeting link.

 

In this article, you will learn how to set up your video conferencing integration, including:

Important Things to Know About the Video Conferencing Integrations
Set Up the Zoom for Meetings Integration
Set Up the Google Meet Integration
Set Up the Microsoft Teams Integration
Important Things to Know About the Video Conferencing Integrations
The Video Conferencing Integrations are separate from the Conversations API Integrations. 
Only one unique video conferencing link is created and used whenever you book meetings through Salesloft.
If your Zoom settings require a password when scheduling new meetings, Salesloft will automatically generate a 10 symbol password for each meeting and include it to the invite.
When you set up a video conferencing integration, you are connecting your video conferencing account to Salesloft. Only one account can be connected for each integration.
Multiple users cannot connect the same account.
You cannot use the same account for more than one team. For example, if you connect a Zoom account to your sandbox team, you will not be able to connect it to your production environment. 
Set Up the Zoom for Meetings Integration

The Zoom for Meetings integration connects your Zoom account to Salesloft and allows you to add a Zoom link to your Salesloft Meetings. Setting up the Zoom for Meetings integration requires two pre-requisites:

 

Your calendar must be connected to Salesloft
Your Zoom administrator must pre-approve the Salesloft app in the Zoom Marketplace

 

Once your calendar is connected to Salesloft and your Zoom administrator has approved the Salesloft app, you can set up the Zoom for Meetings integrations in your Personal Calendar Settings. 

 

To set up Zoom for Meetings, follow these steps:

 

Click your name in the upper right corner to open your settings.
Select Calendar under your Personal Settings.
Go to the Video Conferencing tab.
Click Connect in the Zoom tile. This will open the Connect Zoom window. 
From the Connect Zoom window, choose from the following options:
Connect: Establish connection between Zoom and Salesloft to create a unique Zoom link for your Salesloft meetings.
Connect and Set as Default Location: Establish connection between Zoom and Salesloft to create a unique Zoom link for your Salesloft meetings and automatically add the link to the location field in your meeting invites.
Once you choose a connection option, you will be directed to Zoom. If you are not currently logged in to your Zoom account, you will be directed to the login page, then the authorization page. If you are currently logged in to your Zoom account, you will be directed to the authorization page. 
Review the authorization page, then click Allow. You will be directed back to Salesloft. 

Once you have connected Zoom for Meetings, you should see Connected as [your email address] in the Zoom for Meetings tile. If you set your Zoom link as your default location, you will see confirmation in the tile.

Set Up the Google Meet Video Conferencing Integration

The Google Meet Integration generates a unique meeting link for your default invite. In order to use this integration, you must connect a Google email address and the calendar associated with that email address to Salesloft. Once your Google email address and calendar are connected to Salesloft, the Google Meet Integration will be automatically enabled. Here's what you'll see in your Personal Calendar settings under the Video Conferencing tab:

 

Set Up the Microsoft Teams Video Conferencing Integration

The Microsoft Teams Integration generates a unique Microsoft Teams link for your default invite. In order to use this integration, you must connect a Microsoft email address and the calendar associated with that email address. Once your Microsoft email address and calendar are connected, the Microsoft Teams Integration will be automatically enabled. Here's what you'll see in your Personal Calendar settings under the Video Conferencing tab:

Last Modified By
Raequel Sank, 12/13/2023 3:56 PM
Title
Set Up Your Video Conferencing Link
URL Name
Meetings-Zoom-Integration
Salesloft Knowledge
Meetings/Calendar
User Guides
Trending Articles
Salesloft Chrome Extension Overview (Early Access)
Salesloft Email Deliverability Best Practices
Imports from Salesforce
How to Reduce Background Noise
Download the Salesloft Chrome Extension
Contact Support