ANALYTICS + REPORTING
Weekly Summary Email

Mar 28, 2023•Knowledge
Package Availability
Indicates which SalesLoft package(s) include the feature referenced in this knowledge article.
Content
Salesloft's Weekly Summary Email goes out to Salesloft users each week. The email shows your assigned group's key performance metrics for the previous week and compares those metrics from week to week.

This email can help you plan for the coming week and decide which actions will help you meet your goals.

By default, all users are opted into this email. If the user is assigned to a group, they will receive that group’s summary metrics. If the user is not part of a group, they will receive the summary metrics for their team. The email will be sent each Monday and calculates results from the prior Monday through Sunday. 

You can opt out of the email from your Personal Settings in Salesloft. 

In this article, you will learn about Salesloft's Monthly Admin Summary email, including: 
Inside Your Weekly Summary
Cadences
Conversations
Deals
 
 
Inside Your Weekly Summary
Each Monday morning, Salesloft users will receive their Weekly Summary Email to the email address on their Salesloft profile. In the email, you will see a variety of metrics and charts that define your performance. After viewing how your team’s outcomes and activities have changed since the previous week, you can click the report links to learn more about the metrics you see.

The email is tailored to your user group at the highest level if using group hierarchies or to your team's account (if you are not assigned to any group).

Things to Note: Users with any of the following permissions disabled for their role will not be able to see the most efficient user in the email:
View Analytics
Filter Team Analytics
Filter by Teammates
Users with View Analytics permission turned off will not see the links to Calls, Emails, or Team Performance reports.

For more information about the measurements below, review our Analytics Metrics List.
Cadences Summary
The Weekly Summary email includes the following details: 
Time Period
Team Name
Outcome summary sentence
Outcomes: What progress have you made last week
Opportunities Created
Meetings Booked
Successes
Activities Per Opportunity
Activities Per Meeting
Activities Per Success
Most Efficient Per Opportunity
Most Efficient Per Meeting
Most Efficient Per Success
View Outcomes Dashboard
What does “most efficient” mean? The most efficient user is the user that needed the lowest amount of activities to achieve an outcome. For example, some users are able to quickly convert an initial email or call into a demo meeting which would mean more opportunities being generated at a quicker pace as well.
 
Leading Indicators: What areas can affect your outcomes
People Added
View Cadences Report
Positive Calls
View Calls Report
Emails Personalized
View Templates Report
Positive Emails
View Emails Report
Activities: What activities has your team been focused on
Total Activities
Activities Per Day
% On-Time
Total Activities by Day Chart
Emails Sent
Average Personalization
% Opened
% Replied
% Positive Replies
Total Calls Logged
Calls Dialed
% Connected Calls
Total Voicemails
% Positive Calls
Links
View Team Performance Report
View Analytics Overview
 
Account Activities: Accounts touched last week
Avg Touches per Account
Unique Accounts Touched
Top Accounts by Touches
View Accounts Report Link
 
Conversations

If you have enabled Conversations, you will see a new section after the Cadence summary sections focused on your team’s recordings. For the Salesloft group the email focuses on, the following will be summarized for the last week (Monday through Sunday):

Total recordings:
Total number of recordings uploaded in Conversations in the last week.
Change amount (↑ or ↓) compares total recordings last week to the week before.
Average talk time %:
Average percentage of time spent in Conversations recordings that the user is talking in the last week.
Calculation: (time in seconds team spends talking) / (total time in seconds every participant spends talking)
Change amount (↑ or ↓) compares average talk time percent last week to the week before.
Average recording duration:
Average amount of time spent on Conversations recordings in the last week.
Calculation: (time in seconds for each recording) / (recordings)

Change amount (↑ or ↓) compares average recording duration last week to the week before.

Things to Note: Recordings on platforms without active speaker detection (i.e. Google Meet, manual uploads) or private recordings are not included in these metrics.

Additionally, you will see the top keywords across all X-ray groups that are mentioned in the team’s recordings for the last week. You can dig deeper into the recordings themselves by clicking the View Recordings link to go to your Conversations dashboard. Filler words will not be included in the weekly email.

You can also find these metrics on individual Coaching Recordings pages.




If you do not have Conversations enabled, you will see a promotional section at the end of the email encouraging you to learn more about Conversations.




Deals
If you have enabled Deals, you will see a new section after the Cadence Summary sections focused on your team’s Opportunities. This section only highlights deals with a close date in the current fiscal quarter. For the Salesloft group the email focuses on, the following will be summarized for the last week (Monday through Sunday):
Weighted Pipeline:
Sum of open deal amounts by their stage-weighted probabilities to close as of last week.
Calculation: sum( [opportunity amount expected to close this quarter] * [stage-weighted probability] )
Change amount (↑ or ↓) compares weighted pipeline closing this quarter from last week to the week before.
Closed Won:
Total deal amounts with a stage marked Closed Won as of last week.
Change amount (↑ or ↓) compares Closed Won this quarter from last week to the week before.
Close Date Pushed:
Deal amounts for open opportunities that have been pushed out of the quarter (close date updated) in the last week. 
Additionally, users with access to View All Opportunities can view a summary of the top deals that changed last week. The list only includes open deals closing this quarter and is sorted in order of the greatest change (negative or positive). You can explore this information in more detail via the Forecast weekly trend chart. If you only have access to view your own Deals, you will not see the Top Opportunity Changes chart.

The Deal Engagement Score indicator highlights which of these deals might need more attention in the coming week (scores less than 70).

Click the View Pipeline link to go to your Deals dashboard and dig deeper into your pipeline. If you have Forecast enabled, you can also navigate to your Forecast dashboard from this email by clicking View Forecast.



If your team is using multi-currency in Deals, the weekly summary will only display deal amounts in the corporate currency.


If you do not have Deals enabled, you will simply see a promotional section at the end of the email encouraging you to learn more about Deals.
   
Last Modified By
Stephanie Griffith, 3/28/2023 10:30 AM
Title
Weekly Summary Email
URL Name
Weekly-Summary-Email
Salesloft Knowledge
Analytics + Reporting
Analytics Essentials
Getting Started
Set Up Salesloft
Trending Articles
Salesloft Chrome Extension Overview (Early Access)
Salesloft Email Deliverability Best Practices
Imports from Salesforce
How to Reduce Background Noise
Download the Salesloft Chrome Extension
Contact Support