DIALER + MESSENGER
Make a Call Using the Zoom Phone Dialer Integration (COMING SOON)

Sep 11, 2023•Knowledge
Package Availability
Indicates which SalesLoft package(s) include the feature referenced in this knowledge article.
Content

The Zoom Phone Dialer Integrations allows you to make Zoom Phone calls in Salesloft. By connecting Zoom Phone and Salesloft, you can access Zoom Phone functionality in Salesloft, where you can maintain a call log, access call recordings and more. 

 

Before you can begin making Zoom Phone calls in Salesloft, an admin must set up the Zoom Phone Dialer Integration. Once the integration is set up, you can begin using the Zoom Phone in Salesloft. 

 

In this article, you will learn how to make a Zoom Phone call in Salesloft, including:

Make a Zoom Phone Call Via the Dialer Keypad

Make a Zoom Phone Call Via a Call Task

Make a Zoom Phone Call Via the Dialer Keypad

The Dialer Keypad icon is located in the upper right corner of every page in Salesloft. You can click this icon at any time to make a phone call in Salesloft. 

 

With the Zoom Phone Integration enabled, Zoom Phone replaces the Salesloft Dialer. When you click the Dialer Keypad icon, the Zoom Phone iFrame will appear. From the Zoom Phone iFrame, you can proceed with your call as normal. 

 

The call will be entirely managed within the Zoom Phone infrastructure, with the Salesloft call log notes being used for logging calls. Once the call is completed, the call will show on the call reports page. If the call was recorded, the call recording link will appear on the call reports page and in your activity feed.

 

 

Make a Zoom Phone Call Via a Call Task

Call Tasks are actionable steps within a cadence. You can make calls in Salesloft by accessing a call task within a cadence and clicking the phone icon. 

 

The Zoom Phone Integration replaces the Salesloft Dialer, so when you click a call task, the Zoom Phone iFrame will appear. From the Zoom Phone iFrame, you can proceed with your call as normal. 

 

The call will be entirely managed within the Zoom Phone infrastructure, with the Salesloft call log notes being used for logging calls. Once the call is completed, the call will show on the call reports page. If the call was recorded, the call recording link will appear on the call reports page and in your activity feed.

 

Last Modified By
Raequel Sank, 9/11/2023 4:07 PM
Title
Make a Call Using the Zoom Phone Dialer Integration (COMING SOON)
URL Name
Make-a-Call-Using-the-Zoom-Phone-Dialer-Integration
Dialer + Messenger
Salesloft Knowledge
User Guides
Phone Calls With The Dialer
Trending Articles
Salesloft Chrome Extension Overview (Early Access)
Salesloft Email Deliverability Best Practices
Imports from Salesforce
How to Reduce Background Noise
Download the Salesloft Chrome Extension
Contact Support