USER GUIDES
SALESLOFT CONNECT
CONNECT FOR OUTLOOK
Troubleshooting Salesloft Connect for Outlook

Mar 29, 2023•Knowledge
Package Availability
Indicates which SalesLoft package(s) include the feature referenced in this knowledge article.
Content
When you integrate different software applications, it’s possible to run into technical issues between the two applications. Below are some common problems you might encounter with Connect for Outlook, along with some tips and resources to help you troubleshoot.

Below are some common problems you may encounter with the Connect for Outlook extension, along with some tips and resources to help you troubleshoot, including:
Can’t Install Salesloft Connect from Microsoft AppSource
Buttons Disabled in Compose Window Only
The Person Side Panel Won't Load
Things to Note: These errors are specific to the Connect for Outlook extension. If you have questions about your Outlook email with Salesloft, check out the Email Troubleshooting articles for in the Email FAQ + Troubleshooting section.
Can’t Install Salesloft Connect from Microsoft AppSource
The users might not have access/permission to download apps. Verify with your IT team that you have permission to download apps.
Buttons Disabled in Compose Window Only
Connect for Outlook allows you to access templates and send emails (Loft It) from your Outlook. But if the Salesloft-specific icons appear greyed out and you can’t click them, they have been disabled.

Within your version of Outlook, try the following solutions:
Save the message as a draft, close the message, and reopen it.
Remove other COM add-ins, specifically GlobalMeet and ToDoist.  
Remove the Antivirus add-in.
Check these additional resources to learn more:
Microsoft Answers: Add-ins greyed out
Stack Overflow: Outlook Add-in command button disabled when composing
The Person Side Panel Won't Load
If you cannot access the Person side panel in Connect for Outlook, it may be due to an out-of-date internet browser (Google Chrome, Internet Explorer, etc.).

Even in a desktop application, the sidebar is still using a browser underneath to render the data. The user must have Internet Explorer (IE) 11 or Edge if they are on Windows. There is an IE11 version for Windows 7, Windows 8.1, and Windows 10.   

Things to Note: Windows 8 will not work, it must be upgraded to 8.1.
Last Modified By
Stephanie Griffith, 3/29/2023 1:48 AM
Title
Troubleshooting Salesloft Connect for Outlook
URL Name
Troubleshooting-Salesloft-Connect-for-Outlook
Salesloft Knowledge
Salesloft Connect
User Guides
Connect For Outlook
Trending Articles
Salesloft Chrome Extension Overview (Early Access)
Salesloft Email Deliverability Best Practices
Imports from Salesforce
How to Reduce Background Noise
Download the Salesloft Chrome Extension
Contact Support