FORECAST
AI Forecast in Salesloft

Sep 15, 2023•Knowledge
Package Availability
Indicates which SalesLoft package(s) include the feature referenced in this knowledge article.
Content

Salesloft’s Forecast provides users with revenue targets that guide them to generate an accurate sales forecast. 

Within Forecast, users and managers can leverage the AI Forecast to help figure out what their forecast should look like. 

AI Forecast is a data-driven, suggested metric that can be used by users and managers to determine their own accurate revenue forecasts for the current quarter.  

Salesloft’s AI Forecast uses machine learning to estimate the probability of a New Business Deal deal being closed as won during the current quarter. This is accomplished by looking at how similar deals have behaved in the past.

The machine learning model is trained and customized using your company’s historical data, highly improving accuracy when compared to using the standard probability field on Salesforce opportunities. 

More specifically, the cutting edge machine learning model powering AI Forecast takes into account features such as deal size, deal stage, and the number of days the deal has been opened.

Within the Forecast product one of the data points teams will have access to is the AI Forecast number. This number will populate on the page in a number of areas.

In this article, you will learn how to leverage AI Forecast, including: 

Data Requirements for AI Forecast
View AI Forecast inside the Rollup Tile
AI Forecast Details from the Hierarchy Table

Have any questions about the AI Forecast? Check out the Forecast FAQ + Troubleshooting page. 

Data Requirements for AI Forecast

AI Forecast relies on a specific data set to operate. In order to ensure your team can get the most value using the AI Forecast, AI Forecast must be enabled by a Salesloft team member to appear inside the Forecast Dashboard. 

Prior to enabling the AI Forecast, you teams data will be assessed. 

Your team must meet the following data requirements to use AI Forecast: 

Salesloft Deals must be enabled for your team.
Salesforce data must successfully sync before Salesloft’s Deals and Salesforce.
Your team should have Salesforce data from at least four quarters immediately preceding the current quarter, with at least 50 opportunities closed per quarter.
In the current quarter, the team should be averaging at least 10 open opportunities per day.
New Business Settings must be configured. This setting can be found inside the Deal Engagement Score Settings.
The Deal Amount Field, which determines which Salesforce field to pull amount data from, must be defined inside Deals. To configure the Deal Amount Field, an admin must go to the Deals Admin Settings. Then, under General Settings, go to Salesforce Sync. There you will find the Deal Amount Field. Use the dropdown to select the field that the amount should be.
Your team’s Fiscal Quarter information must be configured. Fiscal Quarter information is configured inside Salesforce and may need to be set up by your team's Salesforce admin.
View AI Forecast inside the Rollup Tile

The AI Forecast will appear in the Team Rollup panel. When the AI Forecast value is listed as a Triangulation data point, you can compare the number to other Forecast metrics like your Goal and submitted Forecast. This can help you determine if you are on track to reach your goals. 

Things to Note: AI Forecast is a Default Rollup Metric. If your team has AI Forecast enabled, but you do not see the metric listed in the Team Rollup Panel bar chart, reach out to your team admin and ask them to make sure the AI Forecast metric is included as a Triangulation Metric. 

Hover over the AI Forecast to learn more information about how the number is generated. The AI Forecast in the Rollup Panel will contain the following hover details: 

Your Calculation: A calculation of the formula used to calculate the number for the team displayed by adding up the Closed Won Deals + AI Weighted Pipeline. 
The number of open deals that fall into the High, Medium, and Low based on the probability returned from the AI Forecast model of 0.00-1.0. These bands will be defined as the following:
High: 0.67-1
Medium: 0.34 - 0.66
Low: 0-.33
Learn More brings you to this Knowledge Base article (welcome!). 

 

AI Forecast Details from the Hierarchy Table

 Below the Team Rollup panel, you can also view the AI Forecast inside the Hierarchy table. 

The AI forecast will appear as a rollup and alongside each user in the hierarchy. The AI Forecast number is generated by adding up the Closed Won Deals + AI Weighted Pipeline for each user. At the top level, the AI Forecast rollup shows all of the data for the user’s direct and indirect reports. 
 


Click any column values, or cells, in the hierarchy table to drill down and see what data makes up the AI Forecast number. When you click a cell, a flyout panel will open. Within the flyout you’ll see the following details: 

Summary of the AI Forecast number
How the AI Forecast works
Links to this  Knowledge Base Article.
Lists of the opportunities that make up the AI Forecast. 
Likelihood to Close column: Categorizes opportunities based on the probability the opportunity will close. Deals in this list will be ordered from Highest amount to Lowest amount. The likelihood will be defined by one of three buckets: 
High: 0.67-1
Medium: 0.34 - 0.66
Low: 0-.33

 

Last Modified By
Stephanie Griffith, 9/15/2023 3:14 PM
Title
AI Forecast in Salesloft
URL Name
AI-Forecast-in-Salesloft
Forecast
Forecast Dashboard
Salesloft Knowledge
Trending Articles
Salesloft Chrome Extension Overview (Early Access)
Salesloft Email Deliverability Best Practices
Imports from Salesforce
How to Reduce Background Noise
Download the Salesloft Chrome Extension
Contact Support