ANALYTICS + REPORTING
Analytics Overview: Positive Reply Change by Template

Dec 11, 2023•Knowledge
Package Availability
Indicates which SalesLoft package(s) include the feature referenced in this knowledge article.
Content

The Positive Reply Change by Template panel shows the total number of positive replies over a given period compared to the previous period. 

 

In this article, you will learn about what you can gain from the Positive Reply Change by Template panel, including:

The Positive Reply Change by Template Panel
Positive Reply Change by Template Panel Metrics and Calculations
Panel Drill Down: Templates Standard View Report
The Positive Reply Change by Template Panel

The Positive Reply Change by Template panel contains the following details from the top of the panel working our way down:



Panel Name:  Positive Reply Change by Template
View Report: (Drill down to more details) Takes you to the Templates Standard Report.
Primary Metric: Positive - the total number of Positive Email Sentiments assigned. 
Primary Metric Graph: The graph is a multi-color bar chart where bars show which template had the greatest absolute change in the number of positive replies. This chart will display the top 10 templates by emails sent for the selected time period, sorted by the absolute change in positive replies.
Chart Hover: When you hover on a bar, the specific template is highlighted. You can see the template name, change from the previous period, and total number of positive replies in the selected period in the tooltip. 
Period Comparison based on date selection: To the right of any metric, you will see a small percentage in either green or red. This will show how your numbers have increased or decreased over time. 
 

 

Positive Reply Change by Template Metrics and Calculations

Each panel contains primary and secondary metrics. These metrics are calculated in different ways. Check out the Analytics Metric Calculations for a complete list of metrics. 

The Positive Reply Change by Template panel includes the following metrics based on the associated calculations. 
 

Metrics
	
Description
	
Calculations



Positive

	

 The count of replies that were assigned the Positive Email Sentiment.

	Sum (Positive Email Sentiments)


% Positive

	

The percent of all emails delivered that are positive

	Positive email sentiments over total emails delivered

 

Panel Drill Down: Templates Standard Report

This panel drills down into the Templates Standard Report, where you can take a granular look into the sentiments assigned each day. 

Last Modified By
Raequel Sank, 12/11/2023 3:24 PM
Title
Analytics Overview: Positive Reply Change by Template
URL Name
Analytics-Overview-Positive-Reply-Change-by-Template
Salesloft Knowledge
Analytics + Reporting
Analytics Overview Panels
Trending Articles
Salesloft Chrome Extension Overview (Early Access)
Salesloft Email Deliverability Best Practices
Imports from Salesforce
How to Reduce Background Noise
Download the Salesloft Chrome Extension
Contact Support