ADMIN GUIDES
Single Sign-On: Microsoft Azure Instructions

Sep 28, 2021•Knowledge
Package Availability
Indicates which SalesLoft package(s) include the feature referenced in this knowledge article.
Content
In order to set up SSO for Microsoft Azure, we need to add a new application to Azure AD, configure the Salesloft application with Microsoft Azure, and upload the metadata to Salesloft.

Things to Note: In 2021, Microsoft Azure released a Preview Mode. The majority of our Single Sign-On instructions still show the old app gallery experience, however, some steps will show the Preview Mode as well. 

Follow the instructions listed below to configure your Microsoft Azure SSO.

1. Click Azure Active Directory.

2. Click Enterprise applications.
 

3. Click + New application at the top of the panel.

4. Select Non-gallery application.
 
Preview Mode Experience: Click on + Create your own application.
 
5. Name it "Salesloft" and click the Add button at the bottom.

Preview Mode Experience: Name it "Salesloft" and select "Integrate any other application you don't find in the gallery", then click the "Create" button.

6. Select Single sign-on from the navigation panel.
 

7. Set the Single Sign-on Mode to SAML-based Sign-on.

8. Set the following:
Identifier (Entity ID) to "SalesLoft"
Things to Note: The second L in Salesloft must be capitalized as it is shown above or the Identifier (Entity ID) will not work.
 
Reply URL: https://accounts.salesloft.com/auth/saml-callback
9. Set the User Identifier to user.mail.

10. Copy the App Federation Metadata URL. 
 

11. In your web browser, navigate to the url that you copied.

12. Click File and then Save As to save the file. You can name it whatever you like as long as it has a .xml extension.

13. Go back into the Salesloft Single-Sign On Settings, and follow the instructions to Enable Single-Sign On.

Things to Note: The Salesloft application will need to be assigned to users inside Azure AD before it can be used for SSO.
Last Modified By
Raequel Sank, 9/28/2021 8:28 PM
Title
Single Sign-On: Microsoft Azure Instructions
URL Name
Single-Sign-On-Microsoft-Azure-Instructions
Salesloft Knowledge
Admin Guides
Single Sign-On
Trending Articles
Salesloft Chrome Extension Overview (Early Access)
Salesloft Email Deliverability Best Practices
Imports from Salesforce
How to Reduce Background Noise
Download the Salesloft Chrome Extension
Contact Support