CADENCES + TASKS
Add an Integration Step

Apr 25, 2023•Knowledge
Package Availability
Indicates which SalesLoft package(s) include the feature referenced in this knowledge article.
Content
Integration steps bring Salesloft's most powerful integrations into your consistent sales process.

Currently Salesloft offers the following integration steps. Click the link to learn more about the each integration step:
ZipWhip: send out text messages to your prospects.
Sendoso: send direct mail, swag, gifts, notes, and anything else you may want delivered to your prospects.
LinkedIn Sales Navigator: take one of the following four LinkedIn actions within your Cadence.
Research: Read up on your prospect’s recent LinkedIn news or activities so you are familiar with your prospect and their company prior to your interactions.
Introduction:  Get introduced to a prospect through a mutual connection.
Connection Request:  Send a LinkedIn invitation to another person.
InMail: Message the prospect via LinkedIn InMail.
Things to Note: Integration steps are not included as "other steps" in the Salesloft analytics. The calculation for "Complete steps" includes all steps, including integration steps. 

In this article, you will learn about adding integration steps to a Cadence, including: 
Add an Integration Step
Integration Step Best Practices
Integration Step Details on the Cadence Overview Page
Add an Integration Step
To add an integration step to your Cadence, follow these steps:
From your Cadence’s overview page, add a Cadence step.
In the Create Step box, select the icon of the integration step you would like to add.
Things to Note: Reach out to your team admin if you do not see the integration you would like to add. The integration may need to be enabled. 
Enter the Day you would like the step to run.
Hit Next.
Give your step a name to let you know what the purpose of this step will be. 
Add any instructions you would like listed.
Click Add & Create Another to continue adding steps to your Cadence or Add Step to add the step and close the add step window.
 
 
 
Integration Step Best Practices
There are a lot of unique pieces within a Cadence, like if you use integrations within your Cadences, the types of integration steps you use, or even what you deem a success. 

That being said, there are certain tactics that we at Salesloft have seen consistent enough success with that you can put in place while creating your Cadences.  

LinkedIn Sales Navigator Steps from Cadence Frameworks

There are a number of LinkedIn Sales Navigator steps in the various Cadence Frameworks. You can start a Cadence with these pre-built Frameworks. Check them out in the List of Cadence Frameworks article. 
Integration Steps with LinkedIn Sales Navigator Research 
Not every LinkedIn Sales Navigator interaction has to be a direct connection request or InMail. Use LinkedIn Sales Navigator research steps as a reminder to view that person’s profile and take note of any recent activity. The profile view itself can be a helpful light social touch to stay top of mind with your buyer.
Integration Step Details on the Cadence Overview Page
Once the step is added, you will see it on the Cadence Overview page as its own Cadence Step details panel. 
 
The Integration step includes the following details: 
Step Name: Designated name of the step. 
Instructions: Written out instructions on what should take place for your other step.
 
 
Last Modified By
Stephanie Griffith, 4/25/2023 8:28 PM
Title
Add an Integration Step
URL Name
Add-an-Integration-Step
Salesloft Knowledge
Cadences + Tasks
Create A Cadence
Trending Articles
Salesloft Chrome Extension Overview (Early Access)
Salesloft Email Deliverability Best Practices
Imports from Salesforce
How to Reduce Background Noise
Download the Salesloft Chrome Extension
Contact Support