CONVERSATIONS
Inside Conversations

Dec 20, 2022•Knowledge
Package Availability
Indicates which SalesLoft package(s) include the feature referenced in this knowledge article.
Content
The Conversations page is where you can view and manage your recordings.

To access the Conversations page, go to the Conversations product tab from the top navigation.

The Conversations page is broken down into tabs that store different meeting information. You can find the tabs all on one toolbar along with Conversations specific action items.

In this article, you will learn each piece of the toolbar and what that component does, including:
Recordings
In Progress
Scheduled
Playlist
My Clips
Recordings
The Recordings tab contains a list of all of your team's recordings. Each recording panel takes you to the Recording Detail Page.

To learn more about the Recordings tab and the actions you can take from that tab, check out the Recordings Actions Guide.
In Progress
Shows meetings that are currently being recorded for anyone on your team.

The In Progress meetings allow you to access the Live Notes page, where you can comment and view details on the meeting that is in progress.
Scheduled
Your Scheduled tab shows a list of meetings that the bot has recognized on your calendar and is due to record.
Playlist
Build personalized playlists to house similar groups of calls (i.e. your best calls, your worst calls, etc.).

To learn more about the Playlist, including instructions on adding a new library, check out the Conversations Playlists Tab article.
My Clips
Shows your collection of clips created from recorded meetings.

To learn more about My Clips, including instructions on creating and sharing clips, check out the Create and Send Clips article.
Last Modified By
Raequel Sank, 12/20/2022 7:03 PM
Title
Inside Conversations
URL Name
Inside-Conversation-Intelligence
Conversations
Salesloft Knowledge
Conversations Pages
Trending Articles
Salesloft Chrome Extension Overview (Early Access)
Salesloft Email Deliverability Best Practices
Imports from Salesforce
How to Reduce Background Noise
Download the Salesloft Chrome Extension
Contact Support