DEALS
Opportunity Split in Deals

Oct 21, 2022•Knowledge
Package Availability
Indicates which SalesLoft package(s) include the feature referenced in this knowledge article.
Content
Closing a deal often requires contribution across your team, whether you’re obtaining a new client or processing a renewal. Your team structure may even include compensation for team involvement in a deal. 

When dividing revenue between contributing team members, Opportunity Splits make it possible to divide revenue.

An Opportunity Split is a Salesforce setting that, once enabled by an admin in Salesforce, can also be enabled by an admin in Salesloft. Once enabled, Opportunity Splits show the split percentage and amount for a given deal in the Pipeline Health Details tile. The Opportunity Split amount is a percentage of ownership across contributing team members that adds up to 100%.

With Opportunity Splits in Salesloft, you can also roll your individual sales credits into quota and pipeline reports for the entire team!

In this article, we will walk you through setting up Opportunity Splits, including:
Enable the Opportunity Split Setting
View Opportunity Splits in the Pipeline Health Tile
Opportunity Split Manager View
Enable the Opportunity Split Setting 
Once Opportunity Split has been enabled in Salesforce, you can enable Opportunity Split for your team in Salesloft.

To turn Opportunity Splits on for your team, follow these instructions:
Go to the Deals product tab.
Select the Admin tab.
Select General Settings, then click Salesforce Sync.
Scroll to the Opportunity Split tile and use the toggle to enable the Opportunity Split setting. When the toggle area is blue, Opportunity Split has been enabled.
Once Opportunity Split is enabled, every opportunity that has a split will appear in each agent’s Pipeline Health Details view on Deals Summary page.

View Opportunity Splits in the Pipeline Health Tile
Opportunity Splits are broken down by a percentage of ownership across contributing team members that adds up to 100%. 

Let’s walk through an example of how Opportunity Split data is collected and presented in the Pipeline Health Details view.

Let’s say you are marked as a 50% split owner of a $120,000 deal. When the deal is marked as Closed Won, your Pipeline Health Tile Details will show the total deal amount and the Opportunity Split percentage that you will receive. 
 
Opportunity Split Manager View
As a Sales Manager, your available filters on the Deals Summary page can change the way that Opportunity Splits are presented in the Pipeline Health Details view. 

Let’s walk through how your filters on the Deals Summary page impact the Opportunity Split data in the Pipeline Health Details view. 

Say you’re filtering the Deals Summary page by Group A. Group A contains 3 reps. When an opportunity is split between all of the team members in Group A, the Pipeline Health Details view will show the total deal amount for a given deal. 
Total Deal Amount: $100,000
Rep 1 (Group A): 50% ($50,000)
Rep 2 (Group A): 25% ($25,000)
Rep 3 (Group A): 25% ($25,000)
The Pipeline Health Details view will show: $100,000

Now, if you filter by Group A and your opportunity includes team members from different groups, the Pipeline Health Details will only show the Opportunity Split for the contributing team members in Group A.
Total Deal Amount: $100,000
Rep 1 (Group A): 25% ($25,000)
Rep 2 (Group A): 25% ($25,000)
Rep 3 (Group B): 50% ($50,000)
The Pipeline Health Details view will show: $50,000 (50% split of $100,000)
Last Modified By
Raequel Sank, 10/21/2022 8:47 PM
Title
Opportunity Split in Deals
URL Name
Opportunity-Split-in-Deals
Deals
Salesloft Knowledge
Deals Analytics
Trending Articles
Salesloft Chrome Extension Overview (Early Access)
Salesloft Email Deliverability Best Practices
Imports from Salesforce
How to Reduce Background Noise
Download the Salesloft Chrome Extension
Contact Support